Tell me, is that your Jaguar parked outside? <unk> Yes I 'll finish. 
The organ sale was a bust, and I barely got my feet wet. 
You like Kafka. Yes, the clover. 
Mark Zuckerberg and Pavel Durov walk into a bar Beer and nuts. I 'd like that, too. 
My book is coming out soon. Although, of course, I ate it. 
Honey, hurry up and come here. Look at the frost on the windows. Oh, my God. It's your handwriting that says "you're a fat whore". No, not at all. It's freezing. 
The judge was in the courtroom so long calling for order that the squirrel froze. 
Boxers don't have sex before a fight. Because they don't like each other. 
Texas school fire: "Throw me the kids, I'll catch them". One firefighter shouted at another. - It's okay. - You're not catching niggers. - Shit. I thought you were throwing me a burnt one. 
With the success of Stas Mikhailov and Elena Waenga, everyone forgot about the singer Julian. "I started singing shit a long time ago " <unk> the performer complains 
Polar Ivanov responds to spam in an open and interesting way 
A sad man walks into the store: You remember me. I bought balloons from you yesterday. - I remember. More balloons for you. - No, I have a complaint. They're broken. - What's the matter? They can 't hold their breath. - No, that's all right. - What then? - They don't make me happy. 
I went to the neighbors for sugar. I walk in, the door's open, blood everywhere, blood. I see, oh, sugar 
- Do you agree Alexander to take Natasha to wife - I did. - But she's too fat to make you stay. 
- Doctor, why can't I have an orgasm? - Try having sex. - But there's a sale of Belarusian cosmetics today. 
<unk> Girl, how beautiful you are in this evening toilet Man, are you fucking nuts? Close the door. 
Fat strippers sometimes bend the stick. 
Let's go to the ocean for the weekend. <unk> To which ocean We live in Syktyvkar. Don 't say that. 
- You play sports. - I throw darts. - You're a dart player. - I mean, - Well, shake it off. - Not without this)))
On September 1st, a woman walks into a store with her son and asks if the sausages have arrived. ♪ Yes, we did ♪ You can see even the smallest mistakes. 
Two photographers meet I'm a dentist now. Why? I bought a drill. 
Three Lada Kalinas sold in Germany in October Aston Martin DB9 and Lamborghini Aventador finished the month with the same performance 
<unk> Waiter Why does my coffee smell like dick? You drink it with your other hand. 
- The horse section on the drum. - You are absolutely right, young man. Not the sector, Victor. - It's okay. - And not a horse, but Dmitrievich. - It's okay. - And not on the drum. - Noted. 
Give a man a fish and he 'll be full for a day. Give a man the name Sati and he 'll always be Sati. 
Your offer still stands. <unk> Yes Then I refuse again. 
If you were a sheep, would you fuck a sheep if you knew she was human, like you? I've been told that you have a hard time defending your coursework, but to do so 
A Pole walks into a bar with a big pile of shit in his hands: Almost there. 
- Man, wake up, you're shitting - I'm not sleeping. 
There's a work lesson for the fifth grade girls. The teacher says, "Today we have a difficult subject: "Turn the edge backwards". Here's one of the students pulling her hand out. - What is it, Sidorova? You have another question. - Yes, it is Marianne. It's like this: the moral law above our heads and the starry sky within us. 
Who called you bitter, my sweet? 
Moscow The Center There's a man in traffic. If you knock on the window He puts down the glass and asks what to do. - You see, the terrorists have taken Prime Minister Putin hostage and are demanding a $10 million ransom, or else they will pour gasoline on him and set him on fire. We decided to go through the cars, who will give how much - What? I can give you five liters. 
- Where 'd you get the axe? - The Elf Queen gave it to me. - Congratulations, where did the axe come from? 
When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone, it already had three missed calls from Chuck Norris. 
- Hello, sweetie, on channel one. - turned on - what's going on - Let's get married. 
A man in the occupation comes to the Germans and asks: "Officer, if I give you a partisan, what will I get for it?" Three hundred dairy marks. The man tells where the guerrillas hide, they are caught, hanged A man comes to an officer for money Fuck you, say thank you for being alive. The man comes out and thinks, "Oh, they didn't give me the money, and the kids didn't do well". 
A man at an eye doctor's appointment. - I think you need to stop jerking off. - That's why - It keeps me from seeing you. 
A man goes through the garbage, sees a woman lying Man: "Count to three. One, two, three. "Woman: 3,2,1" Man scratches the back of his head: "Strange, someone threw out a very nice woman". 
- Mom and Dad, look. My new friend Alesh. - Holy shit, a dead moose. - Let's go, we are not welcome here. 
What's worse than biting off a piece of apple and finding a worm? <unk> Being raped 
- Hi, this is Terminator. I changed the operating system yesterday. - What was yours? - The X-Files. - The table. - It was Vista, baby. 
A plane crash-landed in the jungle. All the passengers were captured by the cannibals. The men were driven one way, the women the other. The cannibals were talking, and the chief said, "So this is it". We'll eat all the women and fuck all the men. - How? "Are men allowed to fuck?" - They fuck, they fuck. They're fucking. - said the men. 
Two cannibals eating a clown. One says to the other, "It's funny, really. 
Dad, this is Alexander. Come in, Alexander, have lunch with us. Father, Alexander is full. Don't piss, please. 
Two Kazakhs are driving in a car, the brakes are shaking, the silencer has fallen off. One says to the other, "Okay, we're going to hook it up a little bit, but when we get home, we'll hook it up to the wire". 
Tell me, Lieutenant, how do you get so close to women so fast? - I'm fucking them, and it's very close. 
You run like a coward. No, not at all. <unk> But why? It's so healthy. It could be. But my whiskey's falling off. 
The young man sitting on the bench, the birds have already got him, and he's screaming, "Fuck off". <unk> trying to chase away the pigeons Don't use such words. Just sayin' shoo, birds, shoo ♪ And they will fuss off ♪ 
Children's Hospital Three-year-old boy brought in for a general blood test The nurse rubs the baby's little finger with cotton wool and then injects it with a needle The boy looks at his finger, then at the nurse and says, "What the fuck did you do?" 
Rabinovich found a wallet on the street. Recalculated <unk> missing 
- Mom, what is this? - The onion soup, my son. - You killed Chipolino. - No, dear, I bought it already dead. 
Mom, you used to watch soap operas as a kid. ♪ No, Chandler ♪ ♪ I'm the one who's got it ♪ 
My family. A man stands, a doctor comes to him: <unk> Ivanov - Yes, I did. You have a son with six fists. The guy's like, " Fuck, like six. " (grasping at heart) Doctor: <unk> A-a-a fooled the fool by four fists (running away) 
Putin once said to Medvedev: "Dimon, you have become a complete nerd: iPods, Twitter and all that". Come on, we'd better have a rest. Let's go to the bar, have a drink. Let's get the girl, fuck her - What, right in front of the girls? 
<unk> You get off at the next stop No, not at all. It's no use. Fucking stop. 
Carlson flew in and waited for the baby. 
There was a hedgehog walking through the forest. He sees a tank on fire. He got in and died a hero. 
The Gestapo has all the exits covered. But Stirlitz went out the front door. 
The nettles are crammed into the bear's carcass. "Let's get out of here. " They're yelling at the bear 
A completely empty apartment, a junkie on the floor with a newspaper and lottery tickets. There's an 85-year-old grandmother on a stool in one corner, and there's an old black-and-white TV in the other corner. - Fuck you, you're not a motherfucker. Grandma, so quietly: - What is it, grandson - Shh, shh, the TV's off. 
"I have nothing under my dress", she whispered. Don 't lie to me. I saw you put a bag of dumplings in there. <unk>, <unk> said the store guard 
A man walks in, sees the well is standing He leans over, dives into the well. echo from the well: B The man: echo: G What the fuck? What the hell were you thinking? 
A Georgian man after a penis enlargement surgery is admired by him as he passes from hand to hand: <unk> Wow, handsome ♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa ♪ With both hands pressed to her and falling on her back: 
The grandchildren come to visit the grandfather-frontman: "Grandfather, and you fought - Yes, my granddaughter. The grandchildren look at his photo album and see a picture where the grandfather waves his right hand: "Grandfather, how did you fight?" You and the Germans in the photo are paying tribute - No, my granddaughter, you don't understand. When the Germans came, everyone in the village ran away like rats, I was the only one left. I come out of the hut, and the Germans meet me: "We are now in this village " What? And I raise my hand and I say, "Wait a minute. " What? 
Germany Our time A bus full of Jews is being driven by a driver on a field trip to the Dachau camp. The bus breaks down on the way The passengers are fighting, the driver is panicking. He ran to the nearest Bavarian village, saw a simple Bavarian man and said: Listen, there's a problem. I'm taking a bus full of Jews to Dachau. The bus broke down. Man scratching the back of his head: I only have a microwave. 
There are two hamsters sitting on a cliff, tying their hats, a crocodile comes up to them and asks, pointing to the cliff, "There's water there. " What? "Yes", says the first hamster. The crocodile runs, jumps, and breaks into a ball The second hamster asks the first, "Why did you lie to him?" " What? The second one says, "Why did you untie my hat yesterday?" " What? 
The only animal Chuck Norris can't kill is a bear. 'Cause the only way a bear can die is by getting into a burning car. 
At night, the wife comes to her husband, "Honey, take me". - Sleep, fool, I'm not going anywhere 
- Anka, why does Petka have such big hair? - So he rubs his balls on them. 
The policeman comes to the apartment and says to the landlord: "The neighbors complain about you, they say, That your apartment always smells of burnt rags and strange laughter. What the hell are you doing here? The answer is, we burn the rags. Let's laugh 
Some American, a German and a Russian. Well, they don't speak foreign languages. And so it was. 
Stirlitz got in the car and said to the driver, "Turn!" The driver touched and crapped. 
A mother packs her son's briefcase for school. Here, I've put bread, sausages and a kilo of rusty nails in here for you. Why? What for? When you're hungry at school, you take a loaf of bread, put a sausage on it and eat it. What about the nails? Yes, I did! 
When my wife died, I didn't notice. The sex was the same, but the dirty dishes started piling up. 
Off the screw, motherfuckers! Carlson shouted, chasing the motherfuckers off the screw. 
The man is fishing. There's salmon coming out. Who are you? I'm the catfish. What do you want? I'll be your wife now, call the priest. (And laughed somewhat unpleasantly. I know. 
There's a sex shop unloading going on. - What? - What? - What? - Fuck you! 
Why are your shoes in lipstick? You've been seeing women again? 
- Where'd the table go, waitress glue? - No, I was in the bathroom. 
- Mom, mom, look, the boy is eating the girl! - Stop that! They kiss. It's... It's... Oh, no, not at all. It's... It's... He eats. 
The "sclerosis yesterday, today, tomorrow" lecture will be on one of these days.
It's the police, open the door! No, you'll yell at me. 
Son, listen to me very carefully. The green mare got her leg. You got it? Go on then. Daddy won't tell you shit. 
Ivan, what are we having for dinner tonight? My signature dish! The fried ultramarvels! 
Honey, you look fat. You must be baptized. What? I'm saying we should be baptized, because you and I live like non-Christians. 
Why did you shit in my driveway? People act recklessly when they're in love. 
The cow climbs a tree. "Cow, why are you climbing the tree?" - I want an apple. - It's a tree! - I have it with me. It's... It's... 
My hamster died. What, is he really dead? No, with special fucking effects! - What? - What? - What? - What? 
Operator: The number you have dialed is not answering... What? What? No, fuck, the first two digits answered and the rest are silent! - What? - What? - What? - What? 
A man goes to the doctor and he sticks out a little, little dick. The doctor looks at the penis and asks, "Are you complaining?" Man: No shit, I was bragging! - What? - What? - What? - What? 
I got fucked by clowns today. - Are you serious? No, fuck, with jokes! - What? 
Once upon a time, there was a dog without a hind leg. It's... It's... When he wrote, he always fell. 
A new teacher walks into a classroom with a giant cigarette, sits down, lights up, heals. It's... It's... It pulls. It's... It's... Everyone is in shock. It's... It's... Children, I am your new biology teacher, Peter Sergeyevich. It's... It's... It's in, it's healing, it's breathing out. It's... It's... Today I'm going to tell you about the sawfish. It's... It's... It's getting late. It's... It's... - This fish lives at the bottom of the ocean, at the bottom, in the eternal fog. It's... It's... It's... It's... It's... It's still heavy. It's... It's... - But sometimes she comes ashore and saws trees. It's... It's... In and out. It's... It's... I said, "Fuck you". It's... It's... Fucking fish. It's... It's... 
There's a man walking around London with a boot on his head. A policeman stops him: "Why are you wearing a boot on your head?" - What? - I always walk on Wednesdays with a boot on my head! - Okay, but today is Thursday! - You did? - What? Then I look like a fool! - What? - What? 
A little fat boy -M- (no one plays with him) walking alone on a construction site. Found a welder's mask, nailed it, and he's happy. There's a pedophile driving by. It's the pasture for strangers. I'm not going to let you go. - What? - What? The boy! You want to go for a drive and get a bag of candy? - I will! Can I go as a welder? Let's move. She's stroking the boy's knee. It's... It's... Boy, do you know what a phallus is? No, uncle, I don't know. It's... It's... Boy, do you know what anus is? No, uncle, I don't know. It's... It's... Boy, do you know what an erection is? No, uncle, I don't know. It's... It's... That's what you've been asking me. It's... It's... I'm not a real welder. I just found a mask! 
Two cows in the slaughterhouse. One says to the other, "Tell me, is this your first time here?" No, the fucking second one! 
A crow in tartan boots walks into a store and asks, "Do you have stale bread?" That's what you want. 
The man! You've got the paper stuck to your ass! What, really? No, the fucking news! 
Three fat aunts got a free night at the maternity hospital. 
- The whole bathroom is covered in your fucking creams and balms! - You want me to have dry skin? - What? - I don't give a shit! 
A retired gamer, playing Call of Duty, met a fellow soldier. 
There's a guy on the bench. - The PC! The whole PCC! It's... A guy walks in and says, "What happened?" - I'm going to divorce you. It's... - This is where the stage is decorated. 
The summer. The beach. There's a man in a kerchief, a bowler hat and a big baton over his shoulder. He walks up to a sunbathing girl, takes off his baton, and hits her in the back with all his might. The girl snores. Man: "Oh, oh, oh, how sweet we are!" 
How do you determine the sex of an animal? You run the kitten, you put it on the floor, and you pat it on the butt. If it ran, it's a cat. If it ran, it's a cat. 
A man drives all day. I'm tired now. This is a black-only motel. The guy smeared his face with guatalin, they let him in. He says, "Wake me up at 6 a.m. "Woke him up early, he went on. By nightfall, he's tired of seeing a "whites only" motel. I tried to wipe my mouth, but he wouldn't. The man thinks, "They woke him up". It's... It's... 
Vladimir Ilyich worked past midnight, got away from the papers. It's... It's... - The money? - What? - What? - The hope! - What are you doing? - I'm going to the store. - The group! - What? - What? - She's asleep, the bitch. It's... It's... 
- Hello, is this Antonina the psychic? - Yes, this is Andrey Palych. - But I'm not Andrei Palych! - I know. It's... It's... 
There are four men sitting around playing Preference. And the landlord's son is a smart one, running around the table, looking at cards, picking. It's... It's... And the one on the receiving end says to the owner, "Can I talk to your child?" You see, noise is the enemy of preference. "Talk", says the host, "but it's unlikely that you'll get anywhere". In five minutes, the player returns. The baby is quiet. After an hour, the owner became concerned. - It's nothing. He taught me to jerk off. 
Today, my children, we will celebrate the Blessed Virgin. I want you all to feel its grandeur and purity. Here in the second row is our Dolores, looking down, as always. We all know her well. What good things she did! And how she helps her parents and all the old people in our village! She doesn't miss a single mass! Although she is young and her income is small, she always finds coins to drop into the donation bowl! And her modesty, chastity, and gentleness are known to all! Get up, Dolores, let everyone see you! But, my children, compared to the Blessed Virgin, she's a bitch! 
The young woman approaches her grandfather, who is known throughout the village for his wisdom, and asks: "Tell me, what does it mean that a swallow flew into my house?" - Why not? I will! It's either your door or your window that was open. 
- Honey, why is your back all scratched up? - I couldn't walk, the eagle brought me. It's... It's... 
One boy thought everything should have a name. That's why he had a thumb, an index finger, a middle finger, a ring finger and a pinky. 
There's a nigger with a parrot on his shoulder. The man at the beer stand looks at them nervously and asks, "Where did you get it?" The parrot says, "In Africa!" There are millions of them! 
Is this the apartment of Ivan Ivanovich Tupogo? I don't understand the question. 
A neutron walks into a bar and says, "How much is your drink?" And the bartender says, "That's enough, you're already loaded". 
After the concert, a dwarf comes to Makarovich and says: <unk> Andrei Vadimovich, such an honor to meet you, I grew up on your songs! 
Putin and Bush are in Russia fishing. The fishing rods are thrown, Putin looks intently at the float. Bush slaps himself on the cheek, on the forehead, on the neck, all gone. He looks at Putin, who is calmly watching the float. Vladimir, why aren't you bitten? I'm not allowed. 
- Dad, Dad, I'm never going sledding with you again! - Cut the crap, take it! 
The boy runs to his mother and says, "Mommy, Grandma's got a squid!" - What are you talking about? - It's a natural squid, let's see! - Let's see. They walk in, and there's Grandma on the bed, her skirt pulled up, her panties down, her dick out. The grandson's pointing his finger and he's like, "There he is, there's a squid!" His mother said, "Oh, you little knee". It's not a squid, it's a grandma's pea. - It tastes like squid. 
I'll see you later, okay? I just got my movie loaded. Okay, then. What movie? No one. You just fucked me. Fuck you. 
There's a man walking down the street. He sees a girl with beautiful breasts. He walks up to her and says, "Girl, can I bite your breast?" I'll give you $100? What? What? You fell off an oak tree? What? How about 500? What? What are you doing? - What? All right, I got a half today, give me $1,000! Well, she thought about it and said yes. She came around the corner, she uncovered her breasts. Come on, man, bite your head off! I don't even know what's expensive. 
Why is there gold in my soup? - What? - What? - What? You are so homophobic! What? 
Vladimir Ilyich Lenin comes home and says to Krupskaya: "Nadenka, please raise your skirt and sit on my bald head". Nadya was terrified. He says, "How can I? You are the leader of the revolution, Vovochka. It's... It's... It's uncomfortable in front of proletarians. It's... It's... "Well, sit down, Oversoul", says Lenin, "what is it worth to you?" There's nothing to do. She ripped off Krupskaya's skirt and sat Ilyich on his proletarian baldness. And he goes to the mirror and says, "Oh, Felix Edmundovich said that my jaw doesn't work! 
Two dragons walk into a bar. One says to the other, "Something's hot in here". And he says, "Shut up". 
There's a junkie with a stick in the puddle. A policeman comes up to him and says, "Young man, what are you doing?" - Chasing sharks. It's... It's... - But there are no sharks! - I drive well. It's... It's... 
Let me hold it with my lips so I don't miss a drop... Shit, Petrovich, let's open another bubble! 
Did you call an ambulance? We've been summoned. Come out, the truck is coming! 
In the Orel region, the ring tram driver worked dead for two years 
Krupskaya is telling the children about Lenin's grandfather. One day, Grandfather Lenin was shaving, and a little boy was standing next to him. And then my grandfather pulls out a leather belt and sharpens his dangerous razor on it. The boy is watching. Lenin is sharpening. The boy watches and watches. Lenin is sharpening. It's... I wish I could have! 
The forest. The winter. It's very cold. A den full of bears. Everybody's up, clutching, shaking, and clapping their jaws. One of them says, "Hey, this one. It's... It's... Let's fuck to keep warm. Well, there is no alternative. They're sawing. A rabbit ran through the forest. Jumped and jumped and fell in the snow into this very barn. And the rabbit sees all this sodomy. - Oh, my God! And jumped out of the birdbath. The bears are after him, he'll tell anyone. They're chasing a rabbit, so they're running to the lake. The bears are watching, the rabbit has fallen through the ice! Careful, they're crawling into the ditch. They look in the hollow and a beaver comes out. - Beaver, have you seen the beaver? He fell over here. - I don't talk to the faggots. 
Joseph Prigozhin and Joseph Kobzon changed their names. Now Joseph is Pride, and Joseph is Cobzon. 
The wedding night. It's... It's... Only the young were in bed, the persistent ringing of the doorbell. The groom, mothering himself, goes into the hall and opens the door. Without a word, two men enter the apartment with a coffin on their shoulders, go around the marriage bed and leave. - I don't know! - What? What the fuck? - Sorry about that, bro! Don't turn around in the hallway! - What? 
- Mr. Barczewski - Yes, Mr. Host - Have you ever been in a gay porn? - No, Mr. Speaker. - I mean, you've never sucked on camera in pairs. A big black man, while a third one tried to shove a crystal owl up your ass? - No, the host. It's... It's... Knowledgeable people, attention to the screen. 
Once upon a time, there was a prince who asked a beautiful princess, "Will you marry me?" And she said, "No". - What? - What? And the prince lived a long and happy life, went fishing, met his friends every day, drank, and threw socks around the palace, and I kept the toilet lid on, and I fucked the maid, the neighbor, and the girlfriend, and I sang in the shower, and I farted and burped loudly, and I chewed my balls. The end. 
The dead man says to God, "What was the meaning of my life?" Do you remember when you were on the train and handed the salt shaker to your neighbor? - I know. There you go. It's... It's... 
Two years in a penal colony. 280 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation, got the plumber of the PEC Petrov, for shouting on the street: "Everything is rotten, the whole system needs to be changed". 
The secretary goes to God: "God, the atheists are here. Tell them I'm not here. 
You heard that Vauban committed suicide by jumping off the roof. - You did? What's the motive? Not Cobzon, he was silent. 
I'm a stamp collector, and I'm a coin collector, and I'm a mouse ball collector. What's the catch? What? You can shove it up your ass. It's... What's the joke? 
I collect stamps. Two, I have coins. Three, I'm the one with the fantasies. And four, I'm the trash. What do you mean? Four: I mean your papers. 
Mulder, I can't seem to sleep. I feel like there's a stranger in me. Don't worry, Scully, this is mine. 
I love you! I don't know what to say. It's... It's... Tell it like it is. Eat with your mouth. 
A man walks into a bar and says, "Let's get me a shot of vodka before it starts!" If he drinks a shot, let's have another one before it starts! - What's going to happen? - Hurry up and pour! The bartender pours another glass of vodka, the man drinks. - Give me some more, quick! - and pay the bill? - There you go. 
The mystery. How many sperm does a homosexual have? The answer is a full leg. 
Husband and wife in the marital bed: Wife: "Honey, can we do a role-playing game?" - Let's see. Wife: "You're a taxi driver, and I'm a young, pretty girl who just got here, but I don't have any money to pay for the fare. - Let's see. Wife: Uncle taxi driver, I don't have money to pay the fare, please let me go! - You go. It's... It's... 
Tell me who your friend is and I'll tell you who you are. Who's your friend? Who are you? 
A man walks through the woods, sees a hole. Walks up to the tree, puts his hand in the hole, pulls it out - no hand. It's... It's... He was crazy. It's... It's... Put the other hand in, pulls it out. It's... It's... - and this isn't. Then he puts his head in the hole and shouts, "What the fuck do you have to do to be fucking stupid?" - What? 
A man comes to the sexologist. - You shouldn't. The doctor examined him and said, "Come back tomorrow with your wife". He and his wife are here. The doctor calls his wife into his office and says, "You, man, wait in the hall. You take your clothes off. It's... It's... Take off your clothes. It's... It's... All right, get on the couch. It's... It's... That's great, roll over on your stomach. It's... It's... All right, on all fours. It's... It's... All right, get dressed now. She looks down the hallway at the guy and says, "It's okay, I don't have an erection either". 
Since the beginning of December, the little girl has been preparing for the arrival of Santa Claus: she has learned a long poem, her mother has made a beautiful dress, etc. I know. December the 31st. The dress is on, the headband is tied, the verse is repeated. The doorbell rings and Santa Claus is here! The girl runs happily from the room to the hall and at the very finish she stumbles over something and bursts with all her energy onto the floor. He gets up, he yells, he says, "Grandpa! I waited for you for a month, prepared, dressed, learned the poem! And now she's fallen, hit her head, forgot the poem, ripped her dress, her headband's untied-aah! - What? - What? - What? - What? Santa Claus clapped his hands and said, "Girl, fuck you". It's... It's... 
Doctor and patient on the phone. He said, "I'm so sorry. It's... It's... I have two news for you. One is bad. It's... It's... The second one is really bad. Patient: "Yes, Doctor, I have been to the hospital. It's... It's... Doctor: "The lab has come back with your test results. It's... It's... And you know, you've only got 24 hours to live. "Patient (horrified): "Doctor, I have to tell you something. It's... It's... But what could be worse than this? What? What? The doctor says, "I haven't been able to tell you that since yesterday. It's... It's... " What? 
There was a mermaid on the shore of a beautiful sea. She was beautiful with white curly hair that fell from her shoulders. She loved to cuddle and play with the beautiful dolphins, bask in the golden sand, play with the pearl seashells. Everyone admired her because she was beautiful. But sometimes she was attacked by an inexplicable passion, and then she would swim away to the sea, to a beautiful island where only the stars When her privacy was disturbed, she would leap out of the water, throw her beautiful head up high and in a gentle girl's voice, she would say, "Fuck your mother!" - What? - What? 
There's a man walking in the park, watching the rides. See, there's a huge line, a lot of people. It's... It's... Well, I bought a ticket, got in line, got in line, got in line. Well, it's almost his turn, he looks, the man in front of him leans And he puts his head through a hole in the wall of the cabin, and then, in a sudden movement, he pulls it out and runs behind the cabin. Well, naturally, the man is confused. He comes in, sticks his head in, and then somebody kicks him in the head! - What? - What? A man with thoughts - well, now I'll find out who messed up - kill, runs around the house and sees There's nothing on the other side, just a wall with a hole in it and someone's head sticking out. It's okay. It's... 
A wet nigger walks into a bar and asks for a dry white guy. 
There's a voice in the theater saying, "Anybody got a doctor in here?" - I'm the doctor! - What the fuck are they showing us? 
- Doctor what? - The crab! - Did you say stones? - What? - and there he is! between the stones. It's... It's... It's... It's... 
- Watson, I think you're about to be beaten around the corner. - How do you know that, Holmes? is that a deduction? - No, Watson, that is not a deduction. You're just shelled up. 
Mom, Mom, why is that monkey shaking so much? That's the way she plays, boy. We don't need to be brainwashed! She is jerking off. Back off, the kid can't see his dick. 
What's wrong, son? You asked for a pet for your birthday, you got one. - I wanted a kitten or a puppy, Dad! - Well, you don't always get what you want. - But that beaver looks at me funny. 
A man is asked, "What do you feel when you shoot a man?" I will. 
Oh, my God, this cold. It's... It's... - I know what you mean. It's... It's... - No, you don't know. - I totally get it! - Look, girl, fuck you. 
In the land of the Liliputs, the parliament is in session. So, gentlemen, we're gathered here today because of a very sad news, Gulliver is dead. One of the deputies: - Fuck digging! 
The sergeant's going around the rookie line. - So, what's your education? - The seventh grade! - I got it! - What about you? - What? - Can you even read? 
The medical board is at the War Office. - Take your panties off. It's... It's... There you go. It's... It's... Turn around. It's... It's... I know. It's... It's... Bend your head. It's... It's... Spread your legs. It's... It's... I did. It's... It's... Turn around. It's... It's... Good for you. It's... It's... Now lift your cock. It's... It's... I said, pick it up! It's... It's... With your hands! - What? - What? It's... It's... It's... You! - What? - What? 
First grade science class. The teacher (Marie Ivanna) asks: - Children, how do animals speak? What do you say, Masha? - The cow is saying "Moooo". - Good one, Masha, sit down, five. What do you think, Misha? - The dogs are saying "Gow-Gow". - Good work, Misha, five. She pulls out her hand and falls from her chair: "Marie Ivanna, Marie Ivanna, but I know how the SEALS talk!" - So how do the ants talk? Oh, my God, that water is so cold! 
Three dudes walk into a bar, one of them a little dumb, and the whole scene unfolds with tedious inevitability. It's... It's... 
It's not about winning, it's about feeling hopeless. 
The tour guide: "Gentlemen, this is a statue of Venus de Milo, unfortunately it cracked and her hands fell off. The question from the crowd is, " Who's Crack? " What? 
- Son, you're a grown man, you should think about your career. - What career? 
Boy, is your dog sick? This is Uncle Igor. And, yeah, he sure looks like shit. It's... 
- You know the similarities between "8", "no-no" and my family? - No, I did not. - Eight is two times four. No, no, that's a double "no". - And the family? - Fine, thank you. 
There's an army of enemy cocksuckers coming to pee in the toilet. Marching through the woods. He's coming out to meet them. - Guys, can I come with you? - he asks. - Let go! - the poop answers. They march on. There's a couple of goat balls rolling out. - Guys, can I come with you? - You got it. They march on. There's a lot of vomit coming out of the bushes. - Guys, can I come with you? - No, not at all. We only take strong guys! 
There's a man walking through the woods. He hears someone's fucking. It turns. It's him. 
Recently, the number of men with nontraditional sexual orientation has increased dramatically in Russia. They get together in groups of two or three in restaurants, cafes, bars, sit quietly, drink only vodka, do not invite girls to the table. They're looking at each other and saying the same thing in a low voice: It's... 
A Chechen, an Azerbaijani and a Dagestani walk into a bar. If they hear it, they're going to fuck somebody. They turn. They are. 
- Please send us an invoice! - I can't hear you! - Send the invoice! - Send what? - Invoice, I'm fucking spelling it right. - What? Valery! - What? Irina, please! Sergei! - Who the fuck are these people? 
The optimist, the pessimist, and the realist walk into a bar, and the bartender says, "Fuck you, there are no glasses! I'm not going to. 
Zach's back from prison, he's out with his wife for a meeting, and, as usual, the bottle's been bought. Well, Zack's talking to his wife over a bottle about the zone, the notions of the mud. In the morning they wake up and she says to him: "I understood everything yesterday, but tell me more about PIDORA. He said to her, "You're so stupid, Marusia! I'll give you an example. Fedka comes to me in the morning and says, "Vas, I'll fuck you in the ass now, and I'll bring you a stew tonight". His wife: - I didn't bring it with me. 
Grandfather tells grandson about the war: <unk> Captured by the Germans, they say: suck or shoot! Grandpa, did you suck too? - What? No, grandson, I was shot. 
Stirlitz caught the cat, poured gasoline down its throat and let it go. The cat went a few meters and fell. "We're out of gas", thought Stirlitz.
Gagarin gets in the cab and says, "Let's go. " What? 
- May I have your tea, with or without syrup? - Cherry or strawberry? 
- Philip Grigoryevich, why are you so mad? You are a philologist. - This is bullshit! The Nahuatl! 
- Doctor, put your dick on my forehead. - It's all right. We'll take some skin off the buttocks to hide the stitches, and it'll heal in a couple of weeks with proper care. But tell me, why do you want this? - Well, first of all, it's beautiful. 
Hello, my name is Vadik Shit, I want to change my name to Edward. 
- Honey, you wanted unpredictability? - What? - It is! - So in an hour we're hitchhiking to the Congo, take the vending machine in the kitchen, and I've already sold the children to the gypsies. 
Funeral at the bus depot. Stepanitch was a real man, lived like a man and died like a man, in a dream, not like those 48 shitty passengers. 
A girl marries a religious Jew. The day before the wedding, she meets the rabbi. He says to her: "The Jewish religion is very peculiar. Men and women do things separately. You go to the synagogue separately, you can't even dance together. She (looking down): Is it okay to have sex? - You can. - What about oral? - You can. - On the side? - You can. - What about sitting? - You can. - What about standing? - You can't. - Why would you? What? What? - Maybe we can dance. It's... It's... 
Dad, the bald guy, on the balcony drinking beer. The son runs in, "Dad, my grandmother bit me!" - Who asked you to put your finger in the cage? 
The wife asks her husband to bathe the newborn baby and goes off on business, comes back and finds him holding the baby by the ears and talking to him in the bathroom. - What the fuck are you doing? You're gonna rip his ears off, aren't you? - What? - What ears, I wouldn't burn my hands! 
Vasya, eat another plate! - said my mom. It's... - Vasya nodded obediently and covered with porcelain. 
Pavel Nikolaevich entered the pancake room and, not finding a hat rack, was very upset. After sitting at the table for fifteen minutes and tasting the two berry-stuffed pancakes he suddenly "Now, why do you want to hang my feet in your fucking coffin?" Everyone was confused, but the police chief saved the situation. He came and said: "It's enough for you, Pavel Nikolayevich, to indulge, it's sinful. And you don't have any hats. - and Pavel Nikolaevich left the pancake house in disgrace. 
Mademoiselle Marie loved to visit Versailles on the eve of autumn. By the middle of August, she was seized by a black melancholy, and she was in a hurry to choose the best toilet for her A trip to Versailles, because she couldn't show up in the same bathroom as last year. "This bastard has come to Versailles again", said the blacksmith Jean Paul, making the wheels for the drain. 
I'm sitting in a car with the DA, he's quiet and I'm quiet. He says, "Why don't you offer me anything?" - Marry me now! 
- Vasya, if you had to choose between Mashin for 1 time or Petya for 2 time, which would you choose? - What? It's... It's... Masha is, of course, Masha. But twice is twice! - What? 
The church. Pops in a suit, singing, swinging a Cadillac. Gay voice from the crowd: <unk> Man in black dress! Your purse is on fire! 
- What? Yes, my Führer! Yes, my Führer! Yes, my Führer! Yes, my Führer! It's... It's... It's... My Fuhrer called, asking, "Am I your Fuhrer?" Am I your Führer? Am I your Führer? Am I your Führer? <unk> 
A boy comes into the store and says, "Give me a bottle of vodka!" - I won't, it's too small! - My father sent me. - Well, you did, so now you're gonna get drunk over it? 
A man walks into a bar, walks up to the bar counter, and says, "Barman, hand me an orange". The bartender gives the man an orange, the man throws it against the wall and says, "Bartender, give me another orange". The bartender gives the man another orange, the man throws it against the wall and says again, "Bartender, give me another orange". The bartender gives the man an orange, and the man, with all his wit, puts the orange back in the wall. The bartender can't take it anymore and says, "Oh, you're a motorcyclist, right?" - How did you guess? - So you came on a motorcycle. 
A husband comes home, his wife says, "That's it!" I'm leaving you! - But why, dear? - What? - I found out you're a pedophile! - What? - What? - What? It's... What are you, a pedophile? What? What? Isn't that a smart word for a ten-year-old girl? 
- Doctor, I go to the store every day for vodka. Tell me, am I a shopaholic? 
- My wife is pregnant. - What month? - November. - What is it? 
Daughter to mother: Can I go to a disco? - No, your panties are dirty! - and I turned them upside down. - Oh, my master! - What? - What? 
- Comrade General, the car won't start! - Let's go, let's go, on the way. 
- Hey, Hitler! - What are you doing? What is it that burns not in fire, and sinks not in water? - I don't know, but it's definitely not Jewish! 
There's a man sitting in a restaurant, flipping through the menu. The waiter comes up and says, "Can I help you with something?" - Yes, please tell me what is this orange thing you have? - The carrot cake. - Oh, bring me two. - Are you fucking nuts? 
A Jew walks through the woods, sees a car on fire. Took it and sold it. 
There's three guys coming. They find the bottle, they open it, it's Gin. So he says, "I'll give everyone two wishes". The first is, "I want a lot of money". One more! The suitcase with the bucks is here. The second: "I want a cool car". One more! There's a fucking car. Three: "I want my arm to spin". It's worth spinning your arm. It's... It's... The first: "I want a helicopter". There's a helicopter. Number two: "I want a cool wife". There was this gorgeous blonde. Third: "I want the other hand to spin like that". The first one took the suitcase with the money, got on the helicopter and took off. It's... It's... The second one took his wife, got in the car and drove away. It's... It's... The third one stands up, twirls his hands and says, "I fucking ordered something!" 
A man walks into a bar and says, "Drinks for me, bartender!" The bartender poured him drinks, the man hands him 20 bucks. - But drinks are 25! - That's another five! 
Son, it's time for you to lead our corporation! Father, we don't have a corporation! I know, it just sounded good in the movies. Now fuck off. 
Three American prostitutes (grandmother, mother and daughter) discussing the economy in the 1980s: They're like, "Oh, you know, it's 50 bucks for a blowjob, but back in the '50s, we used to do it for 20 bucks". Daughter: Wow. Grandma, how much did you charge in the '30s? Grandma: Oh, my granddaughter! It was the Great Depression, and we were happy just to have a hot meal. 
An American delegation is coming to the Soviet plant. As they walk through the shop, they see the master and the worker standing near the machine. The translator is an American, they asked me to translate. She's a little embarrassed, and she translates, "The master says to the worker, 'Someone has had sexual relations with your wife.' mother, you, walking woman, even this raped wheel, walking woman, you can't, walking woman, do right, walking woman. The Director, the walking woman, will give you a nice female genital organ, the walking woman, and will have sex with you through If because of you, the passive homosexual, the plan that the factory has to carry out, the plan that the woman who walks must carry out, will again collapse on the penis! " In response, the worker says that the worker has already entered into an intimate relationship with the director's speech organs, that the worker has entered He had sex with everyone in the factory with his gears and, most incredibly, he was dicking around the factory with all his plans! <unk> 
"Take the cake", said the hostess with a smile. Hot as fuck! 
As a child, Vasu was cornered so often that by the time he was 16, he could chop wood with his face. 
Yuri Kuklachev was late for his own performance after playing with a banker. 
There's an old Scot in a pub, sitting, sipping beer, smoking a pipe. He sat and sat and said, "I built this mill myself, alone". I gathered the stones, poured the solution, and built... but for some reason, no one calls me MacFlaren the Mill Builder. I sat down, had a beer, took a nap. <unk> This is the garden that now has the largest harvest of fruits and berries, planted by me, alone! ...all rejoice and gather the fruit. But for some reason, no one calls me the MacFlaren Gardener. I sat down, had a beer, took a nap. This bridge, I built it myself, alone. He chopped down trees, shredded trees, and built a bridge, and now cars drive on it, people walk on it. But for some reason, no one calls me McFlauren the bridge builder. I sat down, had a beer, took a nap. But it was worth it to fuck a sheep once... 
The baker! The baker! Kolobok has lost too much dough! 
A man walks along the shore of a lake and sees a boy with his hand drawing water from the lake and drinking. The man shouts: "Why do you drink this dirty water, here all the garbage is thrown, the factories dump waste, from the whole village shit is coming out here! - What did you say? - I said, use both hands! 
Husband and wife talking. - How tired I am, I have nothing to wear, everything is dull, I'm tired, I'm depressed. It's... It's... It's... - Honey, I think you need to get off somewhere! - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? Honey, where do you think? What? What? - I think the fuckin' toilet! 
A man sits with a bunch of people at a bar, walks up to the bartender and says, "I bet I pissed in a glass from 100 feet without spilling a drop". Bartender, you want a drink? The go-go man puts the glass down, starts to pee, misses the waiter, pisses. It's... It's... The waiter wipes his face and talks while the company laughs. The bartender, what are you laughing at? Company, we bet him he'd shit the whole bar and the bartender would be happy! 
To find out who loves you more, lock your wife and dog in the car for a couple of hours. When you open it, just see who's happiest. 
A horse walks into a bar and says, "Give me a pint of cognac and a lemonade, please". Don't throw anything! The bartender is surprised, but he does the job. I work nearby, so I'll come by often. The bartender's telling all his circus friends. He flies in, naturally, the next day at the bar. Horse: I always do! Director: Excuse me, may I join you at your table? Please! - What? Director: Let me get right to the point. Would you like to work for us? Well, if you have a good salary, yes! But I don't understand why you need a programmer in the circus. 
At night, thieves broke into the apartment of Vitaly Klitschko and took all the beatings, fear, pain and humiliation. 
And yet it is a pity that the youth no longer remember who Dostoevsky, Herzen, Belinsky are! It's... It's... - It's the Mushroom Eaters! - What? - What? Look at all the mushroom eaters among today's youth! - What? - What? 
At the ceremony of the presentation of the theatrical award "Golden Mask", the artists of the theater Kuklachev pissed in the shoes of the artists of the theater Lenko. 
The master at the factory is teaching the newcomer: - I did. You turn it on at 8 in the morning and turn it off at 6 at night. You got it? - No, I did not. - I repeat. See that lever? - I did. - You turn it on at 8:00 in the morning and turn it off at 6:00 at night. You got it? - No, I did not. - Let me explain again. See that lever? - I did. - You turn it on at 8:00 in the morning and turn it off at 6:00 at night. You got it? - Man, are you stupid? I'm telling you for the third time, I don't get it! 
A full man (PM) came to the brothel. He's met at the door by his 70-year-old grandmother. PM: I'm tired of everything, and I want something unusual, unusual. I can offer you a girl with three tits. PM: No, not that I want something cosmic. Well, how about a beautiful girl with a pair of tits? PM: Oh, all right, I will go. You don't have anything grounded or space. It's... It's... B: Wait, Milok [pulls out his artificial eye]. Come on, fuck me, earthling, into the orbit! - What? - What? 
The car is stopped by the car mechanic: Sergeant Ivanov, your documents! Comrade Sergeant, let me tell you a rather political joke! What are you talking about, I'm a cop! I'll tell you twice! 
Two mentas are in a patrol car. One: "Hey, look up on the roof. Does the blinker work?" He comes out, "It's working. It's... It's... It's not working. It's... It's working. It's... It's not working. It's... 
Bomj Ivan found the laptop and first checked the basket. 
A young man and woman are sitting on a bench. The girl wants him to kiss her, so she says, "Oh, my cheek hurts!" The boy kisses her on the cheek. - Does it hurt now? - No, I did not. An old man sits nearby and asks, "Young man, don't you cure hemorrhoids?" 
There's a trial. The surgeon who raped the cleaning lady is on trial. The judge asks the surgeon, "How could you do this to a poor woman?" You, the doctor! - What? - What? - What about me? I'm a poor doctor, I work so hard, I haven't slept for three days, my hands are covered in blood. It's... It's... I needed a break, I saw something, I took it. It's... It's... She didn't fight back. - My dear woman, what do you think? - I washed the first floor, I washed the second. I go to the third floor, I bend over, I squeeze the cloth, and there's something behind me. It's... It's... - You couldn't have escaped? - What? - What? - Where, the laundry? What? What? - What? - What? - What? 
A properly bound lesbian is virtually no different from a normal woman. 
- Vasek, are you in love with Luciano Pavarotti? - This is bullshit. - What do you mean? This is a great singer! - Yesterday Kolyan played, you didn't like it. 
Let's go camping once a week - ass, pump and triangle. Go to bed, wake up in the morning, all the booze drunk and all the food eaten. And then it starts to boil, and the pump says to the triangle, "Didn't you take our supplies? The pump said, "Of course not". Then the pump said to the ass, "Didn't you take our supplies? "and the ass laughed and ran. 
- Listen, citizen wolf, - tiredly began the precinct. - I mean, I get that you're a forest ranger and all, but that's out of the question. Third complaint from the Hatters in the last month. Why do you keep hanging around their girls? What's the matter with you guys? - Oh, my God! The wolf screamed, breaking his paws. How are the girls? It's just that when she screams in the woods, the logger comes to her aid, and he's like this. It's... It's... The wolf is gone. "He's so wonderful", the forest ranger sighed. The sweet, sweet woodcutter. 
Vomit mass is the product of vomit density and vomit volume. 
Moishe died because his cells refused to divide. 
A craneman dropped a bottle of vodka from 30 meters, but luckily it didn't break, because I'm not. Down below, she was caught by a gasping and frightened petrov. 
The grandmother tells the grandson a fairy tale: <unk> The Snake Gorynish saw Ilya Muromets and cried furiously. It's... It's... Grandma, what do you mean, mad? It's like "Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh" in the mouth! <unk> 
In Georgia, a father instructs his son who is about to get married: <unk> On the first wedding night, throw the bride on the tie so that she sees that Georgia <unk> is strength! Patom took off his clothes so she could see that Georgia is beautiful! And the old man in the corner says, "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" If only she could see that Georgia is independent! 
In Greece, a tree has been found that is 3,000 years old. Scientists say that if a tree could talk, it would have a mouth. 
- Doctor, I have potatoes growing in my ears. - Oh, I did. It's... It's... It's really weird. - And I think it's weird because I was planting radishes. 
The portrait photographer is fucked. 
Two motherfuckers wake up in the morning, one of them says to the other, "Oh, honey, there's something in my ass". The second one puts his hand up his ass and says, "You got nothing!" The other one: deeper! It's deeper than that. Oh, there's got to be something. It's a fucking gold roller. Number two, happy birthday to your sweetheart. 
- What's the hardest thing to do when you're on roller skates? - To tell your parents you're gay. 
Two booths. Same rattling sound from both. It's... It's... - The clamp? - (also squeezed) It's... It's... Five minutes later, in one of the booths, "Bullshit!" It's... It's... - (squeaking) Congratulations to you. It's... It's... Thank you. It's... It's... 
Two gay guys talking, one of them fired from his job. - In the sperm jar. - What did you get fired for? - The drink is on. 
This is live. Interview with a wonder child: How many languages do you know? - French, German, Hungarian, Spanish, Italian. It's... It's... Do you play music? - I play the piano, the violin, the waltz, the double bass, the flute. It's... It's... Maybe you paint too? - I write in oil, watercolor, gouache, I glue with clay, I cut on wood. It's... It's... What else are you interested in? - With sex. What kind of sex? What? What? - Vaginal, oral and anal. It's... It's... What are you knitting? - What? - Macram, the napkins, the curtains. It's... It's... 
An epic hero is walking through the woods. There's a stone that says, "If you go left, you'll lose your horse, if you go right, you'll lose your head, if you go right, you'll get your ass fucked". "Well, you know. It's... It's... "Without a horse, he can't get there, he doesn't want to die either, I'll go straight, and here he will pass". He walks in and there's a cyclops. The hero thinks, "Fuck you", and the cyclops says, "Do you want to eat off the road?" - I'd like some. It's... The cyclops cooked the borscht, fed the hero and said to him: "The whole floor is dirty, would you bathe in the bath?" - I know. It's... I'd love to get caught! And he's like, "This is gonna suck". We steamed in the bath, the cyclops is like: "Look, you're tired, you want to sleep, let me put you in bed". - Yes, I'm tired as a dog, I'll go to bed. It's... The cyclops goes to bed, the hero goes to bed. He's lying there thinking, "Well, I'm going to get a hundred fucking times as soon as I fall asleep. It's... He gets up, walks slowly into the room to the cyclops - in the dark to the bed sneaks and how let's fuck with a bat. It's... And then a voice from the screen says, "No, but how can you not fuck that bitch?" - What? 
- We collected three buckets of dung yesterday. And at first, there was nothing. They were desperate to get out of the forest. Suddenly there are three buckets of water. It's... It's... 
The patient says to the therapist, "You know, I've been having some trouble perceiving the world lately. The doctor pulls out the painting of the Three Rich Men and asks, "What do you see here?" - I see three fags. - Why? -Why, there's three men, not a woman, unless they're faggots. The doctor pulls out a painting of a flock of flying swans. He asks what he sees in this picture. - I see a bunch of flying faggots. - Why? - Why, they look at each other's asses. The doctor says, "How do you see me?" - You're on my dick, too. - Why? - Why, you're sitting here collecting pictures of fags. 
The conferees go on stage, after the horrible bogeyman and announces: - Performed by Zionist Pydorov. It's... It's... It's... Uh, the pianist Sidorov! Cancer of the uterus, mold in the perineum! It's... It's... It's... Oh, my God, Mark Fradkin, the song of tenderness! - What? 
A knight walked through the desert. It was a long journey. He lost his horse, helmet and armor on the way. Only the sword remains. The knight was hungry, and he was tormented by thirst. Suddenly he saw a lake in the distance. The knight gathered all his remaining strength and went to the water. But there was a three-headed dragon sitting by the lake. The knight drew his sword and fought the monster with all his might. He fought day and night. Two dragon heads already chopped off. On the third day, the dragon collapsed. Next to him was a weakened knight, unable to stand or hold his sword. And then, with his last breath, the dragon asked, "What did you want, knight?" - Water to drink. - Well, I would. It's... It's... 
A man comes into the clinic for tests and brings a three-liter urine can. - You should have brought a suitcase of shit! Man (placing two suitcases on the table): - Ah, how did you know, how did you know! - What? 
Having lost both arms and both legs, the brave soldier continued to strike the hated enemy with all his might. 
- Yesterday on the bus a junkie gets into my bag, I didn't notice at first, then I open it and watch him sit! 
Vasily Ivanovich, the whites are coming! - What? The whites are coming! What about the red ones? ♪ And the red ones fill you up ♪ 
Three words is two words. 
A playwright, a writer and a singer walk into a bar. And the bartender says to him, "Grishaw, get the fuck out of here!" 
Anatoly Wasserman was shy for a long time, but at the end of the evening he kissed the cheek of a rubber woman given to him by his friends. 
"Let's move away from the negative", the mathematicians decided, and moved away from the negative. 
The lion drew a line in the forest and declared everything beyond the line his zone: whoever enters, he will either eat or fuck. And the donkey accidentally goes over that line and nips the grass. And then a lion jumps on him and drags him into the bushes. The beasts are scattered, gathered at the line to wait, and suddenly a donkey comes out of the bushes. Eyes gouged out, tail in a pipe, all foamy. The animals ask him, "What did he do to you?" What? What? - He sold me! - What? - What? - said the donkey. 
In the concentration camp, an SS man runs into one of the barracks: "Do you have Moldovan?" - No, not at all. He runs to the second: "You have Moldovan?" - No, not at all. Running to third: They say, "He's just been sent to the gas chamber". He breaks into the gas chamber, the door closes, he barely has time to put his foot down. He shouts, "Do you have moldovan?" It says, "Yes". He says, "Can you lay out the bathtub with tile?" They said, "No problem, 8 rubles for the tile". - Fucking expensive! Give me five. - He took my leg, damn it! 
- What? What are you cooking with? - On the plant. It's... It's... - You did? I'm your daughter in bed! 
A Negro woman comes to the gynecologist, sits in the chair, the gynecologist looks at her so thoughtfully. It's... It's... Then he speaks. It's... - All of it! That's it! I'll take a black Porsche Cayenne with a red leather interior. 
Dad: Do you want me to make you a roller coaster out of these beads? Son: Why not, Dad? Dad: Well, why? It's... It's... What do you need roller skates for? You'll be riding around the house... from the kitchen to the bedroom. Then back to the kitchen. To the pantry again. To the bathroom over there. It's... It's... I can make it. Fuck you! If you don't want to, you can say, "Fuck you, Dad and your roller coaster!" I don't want anything from you, and I don't give a fuck about your fatherly care! Well, you're thinking that now, aren't you? You did? Son: No, it was like... Dad: It was like! It's... It's... In the fucking garden! - What? - What? I think so! It's... It's... In the water! - What? - What? When you feel like it, you should be baptized! You got it? Do you know that wise saying, or are you a moral freak? - What? Well, repeat: "Fuck you, father and his"... Son: "Why? - What? Dad: "Why?" What do you mean? What do you mean "why"? - What? - What? I'll punch you in the eye for treating your parents like that, you bastard! Don't you love your country? You don't like it. I can tell by your evil eyes you don't like me. That's right. Your mother and I raised a monster on our own. It's your fault. I should have strangled you with a nipple. One less asshole in the apartment! Son: <unk> Dad... Dad: <unk> What is <unk> dad? What, Dad? - What? Haven't seen you in a while? He didn't, did he? Of course you are! Where are we going? It's... It's... Your own father will be dying, you won't even give him a glass of water. What a glass of water! You can put a pillow on your face and a dictionary on top so that your hands don't touch your parents' files. It's... It's... What's that? You're not gonna put it down? What a dictionary! What? - What? Can you put that down? - What? - What? Then what the fuck is he doing in the house? - What? - What? We don't have enough shit. Let's fill the house with shit. - What? - What? With dictionaries! - What? - What? Son: Dad, fuck it, make me a roller coaster out of these blocks! What? It's... It's... 
Yuri Kuklachev went to the cottage and ran away. 
- What? What are you cooking with? Fuck you! - What? - What? 
The United States. There's a bus full of blacks and whites, and they're fighting. The driver stops the bus, forces everyone to get out and line up in front of the bus. He wants to know what's going on. Negroes: That's total discrimination, we Negroes are constantly humiliated, they say we white people will sit in front and you sit in the back. Driver: I don't give a shit, I'm colorblind, you're all green to me. And now they've all quietly gotten on the bus and sat down -- light green in front, dark green in back. 
Vasily Chapaev is swimming across the Ural River. She can barely row with one hand. And then a crow lands on his shoulder. Where are you going? To the other shore. Why? Chapaev: I'm running from the whites. Why are you rowing with one hand? Chapaev: Yes, the other hand is injured. Fuck you! You're full of shit! 
Burying in a coffin is a dangerous thing, you can accidentally bury a person. You wake up in the dark, you can't breathe, you can't move, and you want to eat. Gogol, for example, was very afraid of being buried alive, because in fact everything It's like two meters of dirt above the coffin cover or a streetcar, as long as you don't get out. So they buried him alive, and they invented the tram. 
My grandmother had a lot of lovers, so she's in the family tree as a hollow. 
Aramis, my wife's got her period. - I'll hold them off! 
Husband comes home from a business trip, walks into the apartment. It's a fucking mess. Everything is broken, spit on, there are used gloves, empty bottles, drunk naked men everywhere. In the middle of the room, there's a completely naked wife and a man on the floor. He said, "Well, you bastard, I'm out of patience with you, you fucking bitch!" All of it! I'm leaving you! She said in a voice full of tension, "You're cruel, dear. 
At the clothing store. Do you have men's underwear? - No, only women's. But take them. What difference does it make? - I'm gonna take that difference and slap it on your lips. 
Little Red Riding Hood is riding his bicycle across the field. To see my grandmother. A hungry wolf comes out of the woods and breaks Hattie's bike... and the bear comes out and says, "Werewolf, shame on you!" What are you doing? - What? This is my field! Well, you fixed Hat's bike real quick! - What? - What? The wolf had nothing to do, so he took the welding machine, boiled the frame, the wheels... and fixed it. Hat's on his way. Wolf is back. It's... It's... The bike! Suddenly the Bear said, "What are you doing, you wolf!" This is my field, too! You break bicycles! I fixed it! Hurry up! The wolf is at the welding machine again... and Red Riding Hood is coming to Grandma's. He comes in and says, "Grandma, grandma, why are your eyes so red?" What? What? - Get out of the car, stupid! - What? - What? 
A wife wakes her husband at night. - Mm-hmm? - What is it? What? What? - I hear you. It's... It's... I want shit. It's... It's... - What? - What do you mean? The usual shit. It's... It's... - What, eat it? - I know. It's... It's... - What are you, a fucking idiot? I don't like eating shit. It's... It's... - I'm going out. It's... It's... If you love me. It's... It's... Please, please, please. It's... It's... Well, he took a shit. He says, "Come on, eat it, you fool". - Are you crazy? - I'm not sure. It's... It's... If you love me. It's... It's... Well, he wrinkles, he tries. He chews. Wife: What do you mean? - Shit like shit. - Well, then I won't. It's... It's... 
- Could you turn off the tape recorder? - And now the nail's gone, puppy! 
A Somali pirate took over the ship while he was in the hospital. 
- Hello, is this the terrarium? The emergency services gave me your number. It's... It's... There's a snake in my apartment. What should I do? - Where did you go? The apartment? Through the vents? Where do you live? Who does she look like? They didn't? Who did you call? Apartment 15th floor, not through the ventilation, but I don't know where. It looks like a hornet, but I'm not an expert, you know. It's... It's... They said to call you. It's... It's... - Describe her! - Black, medium thick, you know. It's... It's... It's just an ordinary one. - It is. If you're not afraid, try to catch him. It's... It's... - With what? That's the way to catch him? - That's how you catch. With your hands. Or he is. It's... It's... - Or what? - Are you a member of the animal welfare society? - No, what? - Then fuck him with a shovel! 
There's a man on the bus, he's sick, he's moaning, "Oh, I feel bad, I feel bad". He bursts out, and the other man, carefully examining the contents of the first man's stomach, says, "Octopus, squid, eggplant. It's... It's... Fuck, that's too bad! " What? 
What would you say about the new president's policies? - Fuck you! - Thank you! You can read the full interview on our website. It's... 
Two cowboys are driving across the prairie. One of them starts to smell bad, and he turns to the other one and says, "Jack, did you ever shit in the shed?" - No, you didn't! All right, moving on. The smell is getting stronger and more disgusting. Jack, are you sure you didn't shit your pants? What? What? - No, of course not! They're moving on. The smell is unbearable, the flies are swarming. - Jack, please! Get off your horse! - What? Take off your pants! - What? - What? Now, you assured me you didn't shit yourself. - What? - What? - I thought you meant today. 
A man came to the Wild West to hunt buffalo. He hired an Indian as a guide. They're walking through the desert, there's no buffalo. Suddenly the Indian falls with his ear to the ground. Then he gets up and says, "Bison ran through here recently. How do you know? Indian: "Every ear is in shit and warm". 
There's a couple of guys on the platform of the station, a high-speed train passes by, and from one of the windows of the station, a railroad track comes out and hits one of them in the face. He's trying to tear her away from her, and he says to his friend, "Look, she's so soft, and she's bloody". It's... It's... 
Watson, I think you're about to be beaten around the corner. They go around the corner, and a mob of hoodlums come running out and beat up Watson. It's... It's... - How did you know, Holmes? is that a deduction? - Basically, Watson, I was here last night fucking in your coat. 
The sergeant is conducting an evening sweep of the unit. - Sergeant Ivanov, please! - I did! - Fucking head! - This is Private Petrov! - There is! - There's hair on my ass! - Sergeant Sidorov! - What are you doing? - That's right! - Three outfits out of line! - For what, Comrade Sergeant? - For ruining my poetry night! 
When Buratino broke his leg, his dad built him a wheel. And there it is. It's... It's... 
- Son, what are you doing? - Isaac is fucking in the barn. 
Diman, look, Tanka is coming. Shall we call her a whore? ♪ Your wife, you and screaming ♪ 
A woman complains to a friend: "My husband is impossible. He just talks about his mom all the time. "That's not what Mom does". "Oh, my mother would see". "Mom wouldn't like that". And I'm in tenth place overall. If he pays attention to you as a woman, he'll forget about his mother. He's coming tonight, and you're gonna meet him in some sexy outfit. Anyway, the husband comes home at night, his wife meets him in a black bra, black socks, black gloves. - Oh, my God, you're all in black - something with your mom? 
My husband's on a business trip. Just crossed the threshold immediately sees the bald cat running. - Honey, what's with the cat, why is she bald? - Well, you said yourself before you left that the pussy had to be shaved by the time you got back. 
There's two blue-collar drunks in the hole, in case one of them wants to pee. He's got it on, but it's been too long, he can't undo the wide. The second one decides to help his friend, reaches for the breadcrumb but misses and gets his hand in the pocket of the first one, gets a cucumber from there. - You think I've got your shit together. It's... It's... - I'm watching the bleeding and the snoring. It's... It's... 
Masha knew it was time to quit when the words "Masha-fuck" started appearing inside the apartment. 
There are two castles near each other. And the first is shot out of a cannon, the second is knocked down by a piece of a tower. Then they shoot from second to first, the wall comes down. Then the first one shoots again, the second one gets the goal. Then it was quiet. It's... It's... It's... The first castle shouts, "Why don't you shoot? - What? - So you have the core! 
The circus. The conference announces a deadly trick! Ivan Povidlov is going to eat shit! There's a man in a black coat, boots and all. I'm not. The light's going out. The drums. Behind the scenes, a pot with a lid is being carried out. The actor takes the lid off, looks inside, wrinkles, closes the lid, hands over the pot, and goes backstage. - Ivan Povidlov today will not eat shit! There's hair! 
- Hi, how do you feel about homeless people? - In part. 
A woman goes to the doctor, and the doctor is a woman. 
On the street, a man with a giant peach head is approached by another man. "How come you have a giant peach instead of a head?" - It's actually kind of a funny story. Gene said he'd grant me three wishes. First, I wished for riches, and then a guy walked up to me with a briefcase full of money. There were bank accounts, millions and everything. Then I wished that an incredibly beautiful woman loved me madly. A beautiful woman came up to me and said she was madly in love with me and that we were going to get married soon. And then I wished for a giant peach instead. 
One day a young man came to the sage and said to him, "Teacher, I want to marry and choose a virgin". So the wise man asked him, "Why do you choose a virgin?" The man replied, "By choosing a virgin, I can be sure that my wife is virtuous". Then the teacher got up and went into the room. When he came back, he had two pieces of shit in his hands, one whole and one bitten. The old sage suggested to the young man to try a piece of shit. The young man tasted a piece of shit that was old and not fresh. Then the young man took a bite of the fresh piece of shit. The shit was filthy and smelly. The man, puzzled, raised his hands and said, "What is it, Master? So what kind of wife should I choose? The teacher said, "Man, you just ate shit". 
Bohm comes to hand over the bottles, digs them out of the bag and asks, "Do you take whiskey bottles?" - No, sir, I did not. 
I was dancing with her last night, I put my hand under her skirt. I feel like she wants me! How did you guess? I'm not sure. It's... It's... I can't explain it to you. It's... It's... Have you ever fed a horse by hand? 
Why aren't you happy with Putin? <unk> It's hard to get a job without experience, prices are rising, rent is rising... <unk> Were the '90s better? No worries. Breakfast, play and sleep in kindergarten! 
He comes home, and there's a bathtub full of clots, and he starts digging, and he finishes it, and there's a girl. - Girl, what are you doing here? - I'm squeezing the acne out. 
Hey, bitch, get the fuck out of here. What are you doing? - What? - I know. Fuck, then with the gondon! Kids can be born stupid. 
- Petka asks Vasily Ivanovich: - Vasily Ivanovich, what are the nuances? - Let me explain. It's... It's... Take off your pants get up with cancer Petka takes off his pants get up with cancer, Chapaev shoves his dick up his ass - Look here Petka has his dick up your ass. It's... It's... - Yeah, and I've got a dick in my ass, but there's one nuance. It's... It's... 
The man's first parachute jump. His wife and son are watching. A man lands and lies down, not getting up. Wife: "Son, go see if your father is breathing". Son, coming back: "Dad is breathing, but you can't breathe around him". 
A girl is taking a drawing test. He doesn't know anything. And the teacher says, "Okay, question number three. Where does the drawing begin? - Well, with a sharpened pencil. It's... It's... - No, it's not right. - Well, from buying paper. It's... It's... - No, I did not! - What? - What? The girl keeps saying such nonsense. The examiner couldn't take it anymore and shouted, "Get off!" - What? - What? The girl is surprised: "Right here?" What? What? 
There's a guy in a car. His wife is stepping. Thought I'd give you a ride. They're all going. It's... It's... - I just don't have any money. It's... It's... The man drives sharply to the right, the car goes off onto a forest road, they drive through the forest, they drive out onto the meadow. The man comes out, spreads a big sheet. - How could you? What? - What? I'm a decent woman with a husband and four kids. It's... It's... - I'm also a decent man and I have forty rabbits. - What? - What? - What? 
Navalny's lawyers come to Navalny, and he's a lawyer. 
A taxidermist, exhausted, tired, 2 days behind the wheel, drives late at night on the street where easy girls work. One raised her hand. He stops by her, she's in the window: He thought to himself, "Oral 50... oral 50... where is it?" What? What? 
The hedgehog walks through the desert. He goes, he goes, he goes, and then he turns a corner. It's... It's... 
He's walking across the desert, bald, and then he comes around the corner and somebody grabs him by his hair and he hits the pavement. 
The circus. The show. The conference goes out and announces: You're about to hear from a trio of balancers! Please! Please! The balance team comes out, there's a voice from the room: They wore pantyhose like women! The equilibrists were uncomfortable, they were rattling around and they didn't perform well and they left. The conference comes out again and announces: <unk> Ladies and gentlemen! You're about to see clowns! Meet him! Only the clowns come out again from the hall the voice: And the clowns are faggots! They painted their faces like women! The clowns got uncomfortable, too, same shit, took offense and left. For the third time, the conference comes out and says, "Ladies and gentlemen, This is a death trick! Jumping from the dome of the circus head on a concrete slab! Performed by the bravest man in the world! Voice from the audience: Hey, you motherfuckers, where are you taking me? 
- Uncle, don't jump in the pool, there's acid! - I know. It's... Shh, shh, shh, shh. 
Two bricks flying. - Brother, where are you going? - I don't care, as long as the good guy gets caught! 
There are two Jews in the square listening to Hitler. One says to the other, "Look, he's making a stirring speech. 
Drunken Boyarsky pissed all over the parade room. 
A drunk Boyarsky is on the phone: Is that the pipeline? - What? No, not at all. This is Sanstance, Sanstance, Sanstance... 
- Will you marry me? - Of course, my dear! I've waited so long for this! - Tomorrow at eight. It's the 00. Mikhalych's special is in a captcha. 
- Will Zhenya be able to get out? No, he is fat. Let him lose weight! 
A saloon in the Wild West. The bartender complains to the visitor, "It's a pity, one of our regulars died yesterday. What a great cowboy! Every day he drank thirty glasses of beer and two liters of whiskey in our house. - What did he die of? - Who the fuck knows? 
Yushchenko decided to see how ordinary people live, made up, changed clothes, went to the market. He goes to the butcher: -How much is a kilo of meat? - Why is it so expensive? - Because our president is an asshole! Yushchenko left, the next day comes in costume, with security, to the same seller: - Hello - Hello, Viktor Andreevich - Why do you have a kilo of meat? - Why is it so expensive? - I told you yesterday, asshole! 
- I had such a great dream last night! It's... It's... It was erotic. It's like me and Pamela Anderson are wallpaper glues. And such a dream is obvious. It's... It's... I woke up, and even my hands were still glued. 
There's a triangle and a pump going down the ass road. They've been walking all day and they're very tired. Suddenly they see a plate of porridge on the road. Very pleased. But instead of eating immediately, we decided to go to bed and eat in the morning. Lay down. They wake up and there's no porridge. The ass says to the triangle, "You ate it"? He says, "No, not me. I'm a triangle, I have nothing to eat". Then the triangle says to the pump, "You ate the dick". - No, not me, I'm a pump. I feed on air. And the only thing that didn't say anything was her ass. 
There's two toothpicks in the woods. There's a hedgehog running by. The other one says, "I didn't know there were buses". 
Two cupcakes, and they're met by a waiter. One of the cupcakes says to the other, "Look at that pretty little thing". Let's fuck her - You're good with eggs and I'm good with potatoes. It's... It's... 
- Remember, son, a smart man always has doubts. Only a complete idiot can be absolutely sure of something. - You sure about this, Dad? - I certainly am. 
There's a log in the woods. The bear says, "I'm going to eat you!" And the bear says, "Don't eat me, bear. I've been scratched on the nipples, chalked on the barns. In short, dust, dirt, glass, and bulls. It's... It's... 
The late guest sits down, moves the black caviar jar, and starts eating with a spoon. The master approaches him and whispers quietly: "My dear, this is not your porridge. It's... It's... - What are you, no comparison! - What? - What? 
- Mom, I have an exam tomorrow! - Don't worry, son, we'll do it again. The capital of Germany? - What? - The capital of France? - What? Mom, let's try something more complicated. - The capital of Poland? - What? - You are so clever, Adolf! 
The symphony orchestra is playing. The piece is over, all the instruments are silent, only the bassist continues, 'Boom-Boom, Boom-Boom.' Finally, he finishes the game too, wipes his sweaty forehead and says, "Wow, I almost caught up". It's... It's... 
- Have you eaten all the dumplings? What? What? - Yes, my father. - Good for you, motherfucker! - What? - What? 
Two cowboys running down the hill. One says to the other, "Joe, I'll bet you a hundred dollars you won't eat my shit". "We will", he says. We did. Joe ate, Bill had to put down $100. They'll jump further. Joe gets all upset about himself and says, "Bill, I'll bet you a hundred dollars you won't eat my shit". - We will. We did. Bill ate, Joe put down a hundred bucks. They'll jump further. Bill the Vulture says, "Joe, we ate shit. 
Two guys talking, "Did your wife ever catch you jerking off in the bathroom?" - No, I did not. It's... It's... - Fucking place, right? - What? - What? 
- What, you got any gum? - No, there isn't. Let's smoke your fucking hat. It's got cho in it. And smoked the hat. 
A man and his wife go to bed, the husband is already asleep and through his sleep says, "Light". It's... It's... His wife was shaking her forehead with all her might, and he was so miserable that he opened his eyes and said, "Why? - Who the hell is Light? - What? This is Galya! - What are you, Galya? - What? You fucking fool! Turn off the light! 
The sinking of the Titanic. The passengers are drowning in the icy water. The last lifeboat is doing all it can, the poor guy's being pulled out of the water by some brave sailors. Suddenly, a bald man appears from the water. A moment's pause, and the sailor, with all his energy, rows his oar over the bald man: "I'm not in the mood for jokes! 
A schoolteacher asks her students to come up with a sentence that uses the word "beautiful" twice. Yesterday, my dad bought my mom a beautiful dress that made her look beautiful. My grandmother makes a wonderful cookie, which I eat very well. It's... It's... It's... It's... Yesterday at dinner, my sister announced she was pregnant, and my dad said, "Great, fucking great! 
A recipe for bald people: rub honey on your head, wait. In three hours, you clap. The flies will fly, but the feet will stay. 
A woman doctor can't sleep because her conscience and her mind are fighting. Conscience: "You can't sleep well after cheating on your husband! The mind says, "It's up to you. If the husband is always busy, he doesn't have enough time for sex - the saint will change. It's right that you did. It's... It's... I'm going to go. It's... It's... "Conscience: "Treason is treason! Sex with a patient is a violation of medical ethics! "Yes, but remember Ivanova from the 25th clinic. She's having sex with her patients on a regular basis - everybody's happy, everybody's fine". My conscience is silent. The woman falls asleep. It's... It's... Suddenly, my conscience whispered bitterly: "Yes, but Ivanova is not a veterinarian. It's... 
How are you? My name is Anya! I've been doing men's manicures for 30 years. I found out yesterday it wasn't a manicure. 
The guy says to the virgin, "Can I kiss you?" - Isn't that a shame? - Of course not, but it's nice! - All right, then. Five more minutes, and I'm like, "Can you give me a hug?" - Is that decent? - Sure, it's like sucking a choo-choo, but it's nice! - All right, then. Five more minutes, and I'm like, "What about for real?" - Doesn't that hurt? - Of course not, it's like a mosquito bite, but it feels good! In an hour. On the bed is a completely satisfied guy and a girl who's been in and out of every mental and non-mental hole. She said, "What does this shit remind me of?" - What's that? - The "Monetization of Benefits" Act, it started well there too! 
- Tell me a story, mother! - Fuck you! - And this is my favorite one. My dad and I tell it all the time. It's... It's... 
Run for your life. The woman in the front is doing the laundry. Her husband is fishing alone in a rowboat. Behind the woman from the bushes comes a strong man. He's tucking her skirt in. It's... It's... My husband sees this and says, "Matthew, fuck you!" - What? - What? Without looking back, Matrena makes a sharp backward movement: "Kish, swearing, Kish". It's... It's... 
- Where are you going? - I'm going home. - It shows direction with a wave of the hand. - To the sea? - Why the sea? - What? - And here everything is towards the sea. The fucking island! 
Two old ladies are talking: "Ivanovna, I've stopped being a mother". - I stopped believing in God. - You are! - Look at that cross! 
I went to church yesterday. I see a woman coming in and smoking! Can you imagine that? - What? Running into the church! - What? - What? My beer nearly fell out of my hand! 
We should make some guide cats so that blind people can climb trees. 
The doctor says to the patient, "You need to stop masturbating. - Why, Doctor? - Because it keeps me from seeing you. 
The wolf catches the ball, twists it in his paws, spins: "Where the fuck are you going? What? What? Where the fuck are you going? What? What? Don't fuck with me! Where did you get that? What? - What? - What? When did you say that? What? What? - What? - What? 
Postwar school, teacher to children: - Your role in the victory is invaluable, too, boys. What did you do during the war? - I've worn bandages to the wounded, helped soldiers, made bandages! - That's good. And you, little knee, what have you been doing? - And I've been on rooftops putting out incendiary shells, saving a few houses myself! - Good for you! And you, Volodya, how did you participate? - I brought the soldiers ammunition, food, vodka! - Great, what did they say? - I'm not going to die. 
The guy is walking the girl home. They're standing at the front door, kissing. Suddenly, the girl runs into the hallway, shouting "I'll be right back! I'm not going to. Five minutes later, he comes back, they keep kissing. And then the girl's brother comes out of the window and shouts: "Fuck, Mother, shit is a lot, but who will wash? 
Little Nostradamus to his mother: "Mommy, what are we having for lunch today?" - You don't fucking know. It's... It's... What? - What? What? - What? 
My wife hid her lover in the closet. He sat in the closet all night, couldn't take it, put on a coat and started to crawl out of the closet. Then the husband wakes up, "Who are you?" - I did? The mole. It's... It's... - Where'd you put the coat? - We'll eat at home! 
There's an eagle. A worm comes out of his ass and says, "Chief, how high are we going?" The eagle says, "Ten thousand feet above the ground". It's... It's... Don't shit yourself, the passengers are worried! 
A junkie fell from the ninth floor, got up and shook himself. People come running up and say, "What happened? He says, "What the fuck do you know? 
The wife lies down on the bed and, slowly spreading her legs, asks her husband: "Do you know what I want? It's... It's... I know. You want to take the whole bed by yourself. 
The village. Late night. There's a grandfather sitting on a bench with his granddaughter. Granddaughter, what happens when you suck a rabbit's dick? - The sperm, grandpa. It's... That's right, granddaughter. What happens if you suck on a wolf? - It's the sperm, grandpa! - It's really good. What if I suck your grandfather's dick? - It's the sperm, grandpa! - That's right. And the chocolate! - What? - What? - What? 
Question: How can you tell if an elephant is sitting with you in the bath? Answer: The faint peanut smell coming from his mouth. 
Question: What's that red thing in the corner? The answer is a baby eating razor blades. 
- It's a great night. Why don't we go to my place for coffee? - I don't know, coffee for the night. It's... It's... - Please, please! I haven't had coffee in six months! 
An ophthalmologist performs a responsible eye operation. The gynecologist comes running to him and starts pulling him: "Come with me, I have a girl there <unk> she has a pussy like a melon. - Don't bother me, I'm in surgery. - You've never seen anything like it. - All right, here we go. They go to the gynecologist, the ophthalmologist looks at them and says, "What the fuck? - You lick it. 
The two clitors meet. One says to the other, "They say you're salty! The second one says, "They're all evil tongues". 
A client walks into a brothel and sees mermaids all around! I want a woman with legs! He says. It's fish day. 
The stuffing man walks up to the foreigner and says, "Do you want some trade or exchange?" Stranger: <unk> not facing: <unk> why not, fuck? 
Vovochka got an A. The father puts his fist under his nose and says, "Do you smell that?" He was at his mother's again. 
"Dear Yuri, I would like to suck your dick after the concert in Yaroslavl, how do you feel about that?" ♪ From the top down ♪ 
Caught two cowboys who were like bounty hunters, Indian chief, cut off his head, tied it to a horse. We pitched a tent, stayed the night. You wake up in the morning, you look out of your tent, and there's a bunch of fucking Indians, all the way up to the horizon, and they're all sitting there with their bows pointed at their tent. He slowly puts his head back, wakes up the second one, like, "John, fuck, get up". That guy's a piece of work. The first type is John, fuck, fuck, we're rich. 
She said, "Doctor, kiss me! I can't. We doctors have a medical ethic that doesn't allow us to kiss our patients. In fact, I shouldn't have fucked you. 
A man bought a hat, and it's his hat. 
The revolution. The whole city's on fire, there's kids running around with machine guns, bloated bodies in the alleys, smoke, stink. In the central square, a large crowd of people welcomes the new leader. - Free people of Churkestan! By my first decree, as president of our free state, I rename the capital of our beloved homeland to Iqpuqi! The crowd looks around in confusion. The president takes out his cell phone, dials the number. - I'm out of here. The Iqpuqs. Your move. 
Russia has two problems: enthusiasts and infrastructure. 
Moscow, Roublevsky Highway, Bentley stopped by a truck driver, three times the speed limit, Bentley stopped, the tinted glass opened. Inspector Petrov, your papers. A hand comes out of the Bentley with a five-thousand dollar bill, the inspector hides it in his breast pocket. Have a good day, and try not to interrupt again. It's... It's... Out of the window comes another bill of the same value. - And be careful, there's another crew two blocks away. Another five grand. "I work here Tuesdays/Thursdays from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m., I've memorized your number, these days you can drive safely". It's... It's... Another five grand. - Happiness, health, smart children, success in business, so that the dog wins in competitions, etc. I know. Another hand with a bill. The inspector stands there for a while in confusion, then coughs and says, "Now, poetry!" - What? 
A St. Petersburg man walks into an elevator, and there's a man on crutches, sitting and smoking, who turns to the first person who walks in - you must be a Muscovite? Yeah, first responders, but how do you know? It's just that we St. Petersburgers don't smoke in elevators. 
Before the dinner party at Natasha Rostova, Rzhevsky rebukes the hussars: do not masturbate, do not eat, do not let anyone grab your ass and so on. I know. Seeing the restraint of the hussars at dinner, Natasha asks the question: "Mr. Hussars, I have 29 candlesticks here, and I bought thirty candles. Where would I put the 30? <unk> Lieutenant Rzhevsky, jumping from the table: "Gentlemen of the Gussars, not a word about the fuck! - What? " What? 
I'm not going to die. Let me tell you a secret. You're such a drag! What's that? 
Honey, does this dress fit me? Of course, my dear! Tell me the truth! Honestly? You fucking bitch! 
The bank. I need a loan. - For what purpose? - I want to open a gay club. - Who's going there? - Vasya, Petya will come, those who wait for me buttons in the elevator all the time, football referees will come... - Sorry, but we have to deny you a loan. - Oh, here you come! 
The zoologist pervert fucked his wife with cancer. 
A man walks into a cemetery, thinks, "Oh, I'm going to die anyway". It's... He just lay there. 
Sweet Santa! It's not spam, it's a real opportunity to earn... 
In a vampire family, a son! Go eat your soup, or it'll turn. 
The deer, caught in the city by the horns on the wires, ran along the seventeenth route. 
We are sponsored by Hotel Development. Happy is he who stays in "Development"! 
A philologist comes to work with a huge bruise under his eye. The boss asks him, "How's that?" You're the most intelligent man! Where did you get this? You know, having tea with a lovely lady. One of the guests was a military man. He started saying, "I had a dick in my mouth"... and I said, "Sorry, it's not in my mouth, it's in my mouth". 
In a family of drug addicts, husband wife, let's go for a walk, wife, I don't have anything to walk with. 
Lieutenant Rzhevsky, would you like to fuck? I see what you mean. 
Lieutenant Rzhevsky is riding Natasha on a boat. Oh, Lieutenant, there's a deer on the right bank. I wish I was a deer. Lieutenant's looking at the water. - Lieutenant, what did you find? - No, that's all right. It's... It's... They keep going. It's... It's... - Oh, Lieutenant, look, there's swans swimming behind the reeds, I wish I was a swan! Lieutenant's looking at the water. It's... It's... - Lieutenant, you're all in the water, yes, in the water? - What? - Fucking crab, where's the crab! 
Standing on the balcony smoking. There was no ashtray, so I threw the cigarette out the window. And there was a little boy downstairs, about 10 years old. And the cigar fell right at his feet. He scratches his head and shouts at me: "Uncle, you can't throw cigarettes from the balcony". That's not nice! And, you know, I was so upset. I didn't slow down, I got dressed, I went down from the seventh floor and I gave that boy a fuck. There's gonna be a lot of fucking... 
Drunken fishermen caught a mermaid in the night. In the morning, it turned out to be a catfish, and everyone was embarrassed. 
Question: How is a mother-in-law different from a tornado? Answer: It doesn't destroy houses or take thousands of lives. 
Rabinovich, do you have anything to eat? I'm not eating! 
Stirlitz, close the window. Do it yourself motherfucker. 
Dad, what do the words "incompetence" and "indifference" mean? I don't know, fuck it! 
There's a man sitting in a symphony hall, listening to music. Suddenly he's going crazy. Turns to the neighbor on the right: "Excuse me, didn't you say 'fuck you'? - No. Turns to the neighbor on the left: "No", the man calms down, "so it was the music". It's... It's... 
Lukashenko is sitting in his office and talking on the phone: <unk> Good... Bad... Good... Bad... Good... Then He hangs up the phone and says to himself, "No, what kind of people can't even pick potatoes themselves!" <unk> 
Two turtles crawling in the desert. What's the ice? It's not like that. That's when the sandstorm hit? 
There's a truck coming into the kindergarten. The driver, jumping up and down from the shock, says, "These kids are rocks!" 
The man's in heaven. Look, there is Hitler. Hitler shrugs and says, "Fuck you!" 
A man walks down the street with a loaf of fresh black bread. He's carrying it in his hand, imagining how he's gonna come home and fuck a bun with a wrestler. It's like when a homeless man jumps out of the bushes and says to a man, "B, give me a piece of bread". Who are you to give me bread? Give it to me! I really do! You tell me why, and I might. Yeah, you know, I've been doing a lot of blowjobs in the bushes for a homeless guy. He's got so much good stuff under the mat that you could put it on bread! 
Rene Descartes walks into the bar. The bartender says, "Do you want a beer?" "I don't think so", Renee says and disappears into thin air. 
- Are you afraid of anyone? - Yes, Lenina, why? - I'm the king. 
A man with a duck on his head comes to the doctor, and the doctor says, "What can I do for you?" Duck says, "Get that motherfucker out of my ass". 
At the collective farm meeting, they're electing a new chairman. The people are actively discussing one successful candidate. Suddenly, some collective farmer gets up and says, "We can't pick him. He's got both his fucking daughters. They say, "But he has no daughters". He has only one son. The farmer replies: "Well, that's my business, but you decide for yourself. 
A man walks past the Tretyakov Gallery building and sees another man peeing right on the wall. Excuse me, can you tell me how to get to the Pushkin Museum? <unk> <unk> asks the first. "What do you need the Pushkin Museum for?" He says, "It's here!" I know. 
Drunken Lenin and Dzerzhinsky, hugging and pissing in Red Square at night. Felix Edmundovich, why does it chew on me and not on you? Because, Vladimir Ilyich, you piss on the tile, and I piss in your pocket! Shit! My theses! 
A taxi driver picks up a girl on the side of the road, takes her where she wants to go, and she says to him, "I don't have any money, can you take it straight?" I'm sorry, I've already had three of these in one night. I can't do this anymore. I need the money. A cab driver gets out of his car and sees a passerby. He says, "You want to fuck a girl?" - I want to. - Give me 100 rubles and fuck. He got in the car and started fucking her. A cop comes by, flashes a flashlight in the window and says, "What are you doing?" - Fucking my wife. - Yours or someone else's? - My own. - Sorry about that. 
Question: Why are karate players so stupid? Answer: Because they don't read books in training. 
Little Red Riding Hood is walking through the woods, singing a song, and out of the bushes comes the Grey Wolf's head. - Hi, Red Hat! - How are you? - Hello, grey wolf! - Are you going to Grandma's? - Yes, to see my grandmother. - You got some cookies in your basket? - Yes, the cakes. - And the cakes are wrapped in newspaper? - Yeah, in the paper? - Give me the papers. It's... It's... 
There's two homeless people sitting in a dumpster, one eating stale pasta, the other looking at it. The first one says, "Look, eat too!" - No, I'll wait till you throw up, have a hot meal. 
Pascal walks into a bar, and the bar is a hundred thousand Pascals. 
It's like the pressure's going into one bar. 
- You look so young, what's your secret? - I'm eighteen. 
A dwarf comes to the gas station, walks into the store and says to the cashier, "Give me a drop of gasoline and a drop of oil, please". The cashier doesn't think for a moment, then says, "Do you want to blow your tire again?" 
Barrymore, what's that noise outside? It's the gay pride parade, sir. What's he for? They want same-sex love, sir. - They're not allowed? No, sir, not at all. Why are they making so much noise? The motherfuckers, sir. 
Stirlitz went to bed, regained his composure and fell asleep. 
- Hello, I'm sorry, for the love of God, is that the water pipe? - What a waste of water! What? This is the Ministry of Culture, fuck your mother! - What? 
It's evening prayer, the hall is packed. It's... It's... At the end of the evening prayer, Father says: It's... The bell! Stay with me". - What, Daddy, are we gonna fuck again? - I did! It's long and crusty. Dan, why are you staying? - What? - Daddy, I want to fuck too. - The dance. Excuse me, but your legs are crooked and your face is ugly. It's... It's... - That's how God made it! - What? - What? - God bless you and fuck you, go in peace. It's... It's... 
Is that phone sex? - Yes, my sweet! - Aunt Tan, call your mother! 
The eagle sits on the rock and says, "Look to your left". Look to your right. You spit in your own ass, it hurts. 
A drunk producer to his wife: "Wife, bring me a bowl, I'm going to throw up". Wife, the concept has changed! I shit myself! 
There's a maniac running into the store, screaming, "I'm about to rape someone!" Girl what's your name? - I'm not going to rape you. My mother's name is Xena, too. What's your name, man? - Well, actually, Nikolai, but my friends call me Zina... 
The US. Guy walks a girl home after a date, gets on her front porch, and guy, He's got one hand on the door, and he's like, "Mary, do me a favor. It's... It's... - What are you, crazy? The neighbors might see! - Damn them, the neighbors, one little girl, Mary. It's... It's... It's... - Not now, tomorrow. - Mary, one light blow job, I know you like it. It's... - No, no, no, not now. It's... It's... - Please, Mary, suck some, you've done it so many times for me and my mates. It's... It's... - Let go of me. It's... It's... It's... and so on. I'm not. At that moment the door opens, and the girl's sleepy little sister appears on the doorstep. My dad said to suck your dick or my sister and I suck your dick or you suck my dick. You've been sucked off, or your dad's gonna come down and suck you off, so please take your hands off the Domophobe! 
There was a very embarrassing situation when Arkady suddenly laughed at a funeral. He was never buried! 
Son, 3 years old, first time in the bathroom with his father: - Dad, what a big pussy! - You'd be a mother's man! 
The son is bathing with his mother. - Mom, what's that between your legs? - This one? It's... It's... This is my dad, he was chopping wood once, and his axe fell out of his hand, and it hit me. - Oh, my God! Right in the fuck? 
Husband comes home, wife's washing the floor, he slaps her on the ass and says, "Get your combine out of the way". She took offense. At night, the husband says, "Turn to me, dear". I'm going to go. I'm going to have to turn my combine, turn around, and grind by hand for one head. 
- Ivanov is me! It makes sense. Petrov. It makes sense. Sidorov, me. What is logic, Comrade Ensign? Look at that, soldier. You see those beautiful Russian green bay meadows? I see, Comrade Ensign. Do you see the river between them? Our Russian Blue is running, playing in the sun? I see, Comrade Ensign. Do you see, soldier, over the river there are two garages, blue and red? I see, Comrade Ensign. This is how a man lives, is born and dies. 
At the wedding, one of the guests picks up the microphone and with a good look, a radiant look with the arrangement: Dear guests! May I have your attention, please? Everyone is silent, he continues with a smile: "Now. I want to. To the bride. In front of everyone. It's... It's... She gave me a blow job! There's a pause. They're all cool. Suddenly, with bloodshot eyes, the groom rises. No, no, the real bride! 
Pushkin is walking with two maidens on the bank of the Neva. They see a drunk in a puddle right on the road. The girls clap their hands and shake Alexander Sergeyevich: - Alexander Sergeyevich, by the way, let's do something? There's a lifeless body on our way to life, a drunk woman raising her head from the puddle, "What's it to you, asshole?" If you're going with the bastards, go! Come on, girls, this is Lermontov. 
Brezhnev is raped with Suslov Mikoyan, then Stirlitz breaks into the office and shouts: "Hey, there is no such joke! " What? 
Nikolai Valuev, when he visited New York, instinctively climbed the Empire State Building. 
- Comrade General, what are you doing? Zosi has a mouth! - It can't be! (whispering) 
Two Georgians in the bath. - Givi, are you jerking off? - Nat, wash the bistro! 
A maniac gets on the bus and shouts, "I'm going to rape everyone!" - Don't touch the old people. Grandmother: - said all, means all 
They're bringing in a wounded man with a knife stuck between his shoulder blades. The doctor says, "Does it hurt?" - Only when I laugh. 
A man walks in the field and meets a shepherd. And he comes up to him and he says, "Look, how much do you feed your sheep a day?" - White or black? - The white ones. - One kilo a day. - What about the blacks? - That's a kilo a day too. - How much do they give you a day? - White or black? - The black ones. - Two kilos a day. - And the white ones? - Also two kilos a day. - Why do you divide them into black and white? - The white ones are mine. - What about the blacks? - Mine too. 
Stalin on the phone with Churchill: - What? - What? - What? - What? It's... It's... - What? 
Buratino solves a crossword puzzle, Malvina, trying to attract attention, looks over his shoulder. - Honey, there's a lot to say. It's... It's... The female genitalia of five letters <unk> is a cunt, not a hole! 
A war veteran was once invited to a third grade history class. So the teacher asks him, "Tell me about your most memorable fight. - Well, so we got into the encirclement under Minsk, the dick left Germans, dick right Germans and Germans in front. The teacher is horrified: "They're children! - What? - What? - What fucking kids? - What? Fascists! - What? - What? 
He gets drunk on the bus, he gets sick. He threw up on a woman. You and the pig! - What? - What? It's... It's... I'm the pig! What? Look at you, you smell like a toilet! 
The Georgian is sitting on a bench, and a girl runs up to him and says, "Uncle, uncle, say it once". - What? - You motherfuckers! And she ran. 
The bus is gone. A drunken man pukes on a woman standing next to him. It's okay. It's okay. It's... Man, you associate with a pig! - What? - What? You're my ass. It's... It's... I'm going to the toilet. It's... It's... It's... It's... Suck my dick! - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? 
The next morning, the baron wakes up to find a raspberry seed in his mouth. He calls the servant: Stepan, fuck you! - I hear you, Your Grace! Stepan, how did I get a raspberry seed in my mouth? - What? - I don't know, Your Grace! - Think about it! Unless you and Natasha kissed on the night of the second date. - What? - So what happened to kissing? - What? - So with her saliva in your mouth, Your Highness, the seed is in! - How could she have semen in her mouth, your fucking head? - What? - It seems that at noon on the second day, as usual, the Count's cock sucked! - You motherfucker! Where'd the count get the fucking raspberry seeds? - What? If you recall, Your Grace, His Excellency was welcomed to our house the next morning... - What? - I dare confess, I was something their excellency disliked that morning, so they punished me on Oh, so you're the one who ate the third day's leftover raspberry jam? - What? 
- Why is Sasha falling off the swing? - I don't know, man. Why would I do that? - She has no arms! - Who is it? - It's not Sasha! 
There's a guy coming back from the resort. There's a paper wrapper under the mouse. It fits in the train compartment. What's this? Man, with pride: I caught it myself, dried it myself, covered it myself with varnish, and now I'm taking it home to my wife as a gift. It goes in the compartment. What's this? - The starfish. I caught it myself, dried it myself, covered it myself with varnish, and now I'm taking it home to my wife as a gift. Coming to the station. - What's this? - The starfish. I caught it myself, dried it myself, covered it myself with varnish, and now I'm taking it home to my wife as a gift. He's coming home, and a friend says, "What's that?" Man, with annoyance: I caught it, dried it, painted it. I'm bringing my wife a present. "What's that?" the neighbor asks. Man, with anger: I caught it, I dried it, I brought it to my wife as a present! - What? - What? The doorbell is ringing. Wife: "Oh, honey, what's that you're wearing?" A man furiously punches his wife in the face with a package: - What? - What? 
- I fucked your mother! - Dad, take it easy. 
The priest in the church says, "If anyone comes to the church, I'll fuck him with a candle". - Excuse me, Father, you said "fuck off"? - Fuck you, you drunk! 
The lathe is carefully wiped with a cloth. The boss comes up to him and starts charging. - What? - What? What the fuck are you doing home so early? What? What? It's only 5:20! - What? - What? S: You see, I'm going to use a rag to scrape the key, I'm going to use a brush to clean the machine, I'm going to use soap to wash my hands, I'm going to change my clothes. It's... It's... It's... That's the end of the working day. It's... It's... It's... No, Petrov, you are not! - What? - What? I don't think this is right! - What? - What? I'm leaving work at 6:00 sharp! - What? - What? - What? What are you gonna do? Fucker closed up and left. It's... It's... 
An elderly Jew walks out onto the balcony after the rain. And he sees a beautiful rainbow appear over Riga, and the center of that rainbow is right over the local Statue of Liberty. The old man shook his head in disapproval and said: "That's what they have the money for. 
We've attached an intern to the plumber. They're calling you out. They're coming. The sewer hatch. It's leaking shit. The plumber comes to the hatch and dives. A minute later, he comes out, shouts, "Keys to 19". He's going down again. Half a minute later, he comes out: The sixth. He's going down again. - Key to 26. He's going down. He'll be out in a minute. He comes out, gets high and smokes. He sat down, took a breath, and said to the intern, "That's it! It's... It's... You should study, student! You'll be handing out keys for the rest of your life. It's... It's... 
A young woman comes to the doctor, bruised and bleeding. Doctor: "Oh, my God, what happened to you?" What? - You see, doctor, every time my husband comes home drunk, he beats me to a bloody pulp with his hands and feet until I fall down. - Don't worry, I have a cure for that. The next time your husband comes home drunk, have a chamomile brew ready and as soon as he enters the apartment, start rubbing his throat. A couple of weeks later, the woman comes to the doctor again, all blossomed and without a single bruise: "Doctor, you're just a handyman! When my husband comes home drunk, I put a chamomile solution in my mouth and rinse, and nothing happens he doesn't even touch me! Doctor admonishes: "See how it helps sometimes just not to fuck!" 
- Come to my place? I have a video game console at home. - Which one? - Well, if you play well, 20 centimeters. It's... It's... 
Darling, your shoelace is untied. Honey, I have shoes with no laces. I know. I played you. I don't like any of you. 
Two friends meet: <unk> How are you? Yeah, we started a new startup, we're growing very fast, we're evolving. That's great! What is the essence of a startup? I did some market research and decided to open a brothel. Wow, I wonder what the prices are. I'll give you $100 for the anal, $50 for the scream. What about classic sex? You know, it's a startup. I'm working alone. 
A motorist drives through the woods at night. Suddenly she sees a man standing there in pink, and she votes. The driver stops and says, "What do you want?" - Give me a lift. It's... It's... - Who are you? - I'm a fag from Venus! - You don't mess with Earthlings? - No, I'm frigid with the Grounders. - Well, get in the car. They're moving on. They're watching some blue guy wave. They stop, the driver rolls down the window and says, "Where are you from, faggot?" - Highway Patrol, your ID, please. I'm not sure. 
A motorist drives through the woods at night. Suddenly he sees his dick is pink. The driver stops and says, "What the fuck is this to you?" 
Grandpa, when was it better, now or under Stalin? - Well, then, Santa, under Stalin of course! Why, Grandpa? I had a dick under Stalin! 
- Marivanna, why did we pay $2,000 for repairs last year and $20 this year? - Why would you? What are the "why's" when you have heroin? 
A man catches a goldfish, he wants to boil an ear, and the fish says, "Don't eat me, I'm a goldfish". Man: "What am I gonna do with you then? The fish says, "Well, you're a clever man, you must have read fairy tales, you'll understand". The man ripped the fish's fins and tail, threw them into the wind. It's... It's... It's... It's... " What? 
School's a fool's country. -Today we're going to vaccinate. Malvina, Piero, and everyone else except for Buratino are going to see Dr. Duremar. What about me? Michurin is waiting for you. 
A railway station, a platform, two healthy men (father and son) each with four suitcases and bags, purses, bags and balls chasing the fast-paced steam train. They run. It's... It's... They fall. It's... It's... They're running again, and the platform's gone and the trains are gone, and they're running. The other father stops short and kicks his son in the face. He's five feet away, and he's like, "Why, Daddy? - What? - What the fuck are you doing? 
The wife says to the husband, "You", she says, "are an asshole". You're such an asshole. You're an asshole at work, you're an asshole at home, you're an asshole in bed, and if there was an asshole contest, you'd be second best. Husband: Why the 2nd? Because you're an asshole. 
The man asks the saleswoman, "Give me 200 grams of sausage". And cut 100 grams from left to right, and 100 from right to left. She looked at him and confidently said: "You are a policeman! - I did. How did you know? - You're wearing a uniform. 
The lady at the zoo is admiring the ostriches. "Tell me", she asked the servant. - Do they ever drop feathers? - Not usually, ma'am, but they might if they see ten dollars. 
When my grandmother was 65, doctors advised her to walk three miles every day. She's 89 now and we have no idea where she is. It's... It's... 
A Ukrainian returns from the zoo where he went to look for a dog. Who's asking why? - What? I'm not sure. 
This is Anton. Then I will call you Adolph Jean-Baptiste of Genghis Khan. What? What? What? You see, I work as a locator of foreign film titles. 
One high school kid says to another, "You know, I learned a new trick. - Can you show me? - After school. After class, the magic show began: "Take off your pants. It's... It's... Does it feel like your finger went up your ass? - I feel it. - And here are the hands! 
A seven-year-old girl comes to her father and says, "Dad, we were playing in the sandbox today, and my uncle came over and called me. It's... It's... - Oh, my God, what's next? - Well, I walked up to him, he gave me a candy bar and walked me out of the garage. It's... It's... - How could you go? What's that? - Then he said he'd give me another candy if I lifted up my dress. It's... It's... - It's a nightmare. What about you? - Well, I picked it up, he looked at me, gave me a candy. It's... It's... - Oh, my God, what happened next? - Nothing, he said "thank you" and left. It's... It's... - Come on, you have to fucking think of something! 
Hitler walks into the store. He walks a lot, he picks. Suddenly, a sales consultant comes up to him and asks, "Have you chosen anything?" - Yes, I like this shirt, I want it to be just right. - Let's pick you up, what size are you, S? - What? 
There's a bunch of hoodlums sitting around smoking, drinking, hanging out. There's a knock on the door. There's a policeman. There's a dead body on the couch in the middle of the hall. A hatchet sticking out of his back. A policeman's screaming. - What? - What? What the fuck are you doing in the middle of a pile of dead bodies? What? And the dead man came. 
The class leader says to one of the students, "Wow, did you tell the parents about today's parent-teacher conference?" - No, I did not. I'll call and let you know. It's... It's... And he goes, and he gets a pipe, and he rings, and he's standing near the teacher, and he says, "Dad, we have a parent-teacher conference at school today. And then, very loudly, he said, "Fuck them all!" And the pipe is hanging. To Maria Ivanovna: - He will not come, he asked for forgiveness. It's... It's... 
- She's dressed for the night, whore. It's like mother. 
- What's going on? I'm going to the hospital. That's how Pete got his ass kicked. 
Lieutenant Rzhevsky and Natasha Rostova are swimming in a boat on the lake and a heavy silence has fallen between them. The lieutenant says, "Natacha, have you ever been hit in the dick with a paddle?" - Lieutenant, how dare you! - What? - What? - Yeah, I was just trying to keep the conversation going. It's... It's... 
- Girl, can you tell me what time it is? - Girl, stop, smile, you were filmed by a hidden camera - My God, I'm the main thing, such a fool <unk>7-30<unk> and everyone saw! - What? - What? 
- Girl, are you invited to the next dance yet? - Oh, not yet. I am free! - Then hold my beer. It's... It's... 
A meeting at the collective farm. The chairman is late. People are worried. Half an hour he's gone, an hour he's here. He comes to the table, sits down, takes off his hat, hits her on the floor with all his might, "That's it! One less problem, people: - What? - It is! - Whoo! - What? - What? Let us rejoice for these people. 
Two narcs are walking down the road at night, a car is going to meet, the headlights are on, one narc looks at the other and says, "Whoa! - What? - What? Look, there's two horses coming! I'll run through them! - What? - What? 
The wife walks into the kitchen and looks, and the husband sits in the middle of the kitchen and jerks off. She walks up to him and starts making faces. What are you? I'd rather have a minute to clean my mouth than a half-hour to clean the kitchen! - What? - What? 
at the gynecologist's appointment. Doctor before examination: - How many partners have you had? - Seven or eight, that's not much. It's... It's... It's not thick. It's... It's... I haven 't asked in a week. 
Doctor to patient: How do you like the new candles for insomnia? - That's great! 
There were three old ladies sitting on a bench outside the nursing home. As the old man was passing by, one of them said to him, "Let's guess your age". - You'll never guess! - said the grandfather. "Simply", said one of the grandmothers. - You just drop your pants and your underwear, and we can determine your age. Grandpa was upset at first, but his desire to win the argument got the better of him, and he dropped his pants. - You are 87 years old. - A nuclear worm! How did you guess? The elders laughed and said, "We were at your birthday party yesterday. 
The doorbell. Who is it? - It's the kittens downstairs, you're drowning us (well, the kittens are drowning. I know. 
The terrified zebra made 3 back flips and hypnotized the lion 
Why did you shut me out? I can hear how lonely you are, how you moan inside. Get away from the door, let me shit in peace! 
Son, why are you spending so much time on social media? Dad, I'm in the SMM business. So get the fuck out of the house. 
The uncle of the boy named Octopus walks into the room and asks his nephew, "Hey, Octopus, why did you open the window?" - To ventilate the room while no one was there. - You opened the window! 
There are two drunks sitting under an apple tree. It's... All right, they opened the bubble, but there's no snack. It's... What can I do? It's... We looked around. It's... Suddenly, one of them notices an apple hanging alone. It's... It's... He thinks, "Oh! Fuck you! Here's your snack! - What? "Without thinking for a moment, he starts climbing the tree. It's... Suddenly, out of nowhere, a giant ass comes out of the ground, snaps the apple open, and starts chewing it with a loud tickle. It's... It's... The second drunk says, "Fuck! What was that? - What? What? - What? "Joppa (tasting and sucking): " What? 
Doctor, I ate the pizza with the package. Am I going to die? - Well, everyone has to die. - They're all dead? What the fuck did I do? - What? 
A girl at the market buying fruit: "Give me one banana and two kiwis". - Wow, you must have a boyfriend, right? - I did. It's... It's... How did you guess? - You're a pain in the ass. 
- Thank God you called! - What glory? 
A hare walks through the forest, sees a squirrel and falls in love. - Squirrel, can we get together? - Go on then. They live happily, but they can't have children. Rabbit says, "Well, that's probably because I'm a rabbit and you're a squirrel". - I guess so. - Let's go ask the owl, she's wise. Come to the council. The rabbit says, "Ow, we live together, we love each other, but we have no children". It's probably because I'm a bunny, she's a squirrel. - Are you nuts? (the end is contrary to the legislation of the Russian Federation) 
A husband comes home from work and says to his wife, "Let's fuck in Spanish tonight". She was a little freaked out, but then she said yes. They're fucking dead. His wife says, "Why was there Spanish?" - That's right! I forgot about it! The Chacha! 
My husband's back from his business trip. Walks into the bathroom, sees an ass. He pulled his skirt, he fucked. He walks into the kitchen and there's his wife... <unk> So it's Mom who's here... <unk> So why didn't you tell me your mom was coming? Why mine? It's yours! 
Waiter, my life is shit! 
The forest. It's all shit. Tree trunks in shit, leaves in shit. All the pennies are shit. A knight rides through the woods. He's covered in shit. He picks up a piece of shit with a glove, and it slides back under the weight of the shit. The horse is full of shit too. The whole mane. all the hooves. Going into the field. Up to the horizon, shit. The horse is already bucking. They see the castle. All the towers, all the windows, all the shit. The knight somehow opens the door that's stuck in the shit and goes inside. All the chandeliers, all the paintings are shit, all the tables and carpets are covered in a thick layer of shit. They're climbing up the ladder, the horse's legs are moving in the shit. And goes out to meet the princess. All the hair is in the shit, too. The whole dress is brown. So the knight asks her, "Where can you take a shit?" 
A Russian, a German and a Pole were stranded on an uninhabited island for a month without food. The German offered to eat his hand, and they lived another week. Then they ate the Pole's leg, enough for two weeks. It was the Russian's turn, he took out his dick, and the two of them were like, "Oh-oh-oh, the sausage is done!" And the Russian says, "Fuck off, yogurt and sleep!" 
There's a Georgian on the couch playing with his dick: Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa. It's... It's... And then he leans back and says, "Wow! Whoa! 
Winter, snow, wind, you can't see shit. The man pulls the empty sled, "Nothing, son, five minutes and we're home". 
Three unknowns took a passerby's passport and tore it up. Now four unknowns. 
A little boy was walking on a construction site, found a welding mask, put it on, and walked along the road. And there's a pedophile on the road. I saw a little boy walking alone and thought, "Let me pick it up". He picks it up, puts it in the car, and from a distance, starts a conversation: "Boy, do you know what incest is?" No, not at all. Boy, do you know what a pass is? No, not at all. Boy, do you know what sex is? The boy takes off his mask and says, "Uncle, why are you asking me, I'm not a real welder!" 
Husband and wife having lunch. The wife pours borscht on herself, "Wow, I look like a pig!" - Yeah, and she spilled borscht. 
A chess player goes to a psychologist and says, "Doctor, I'm a unique chess player. Yeah, what is it? I can shove an elephant up your ass. 
The best short Bush joke is two homeless people sitting around drinking iced tea, one handing the other a bottle and saying, "Bush?" 
The theater, there's a man sitting, suddenly, the shit rings. It's... He smelled it, realized it was the man in the back. She turns to the man and says, "Excuse me, did you shit yourself?" I did! What's that? 
Doctor, I'm being teased! Doctor, I'm getting all excited about... 
Doctor, I don't have to. Who the fuck are you? 
"This is inhuman! "The cannibals shouted out the vegetarian menu 
One day, a teacher showed his students a clean sheet of paper with a black dot in the middle and asked, "What do you see? First student: That's a winner. The second one is "The Black Spot". Number three, the fat spot. And the teacher said, "You all saw the dot, but no one noticed the big white leaf! So remember, the greatest enemy of love is indifference! I'm not going to. "What's love got to do with it, teacher? What? "Who the fuck knows? I'm not going to. With that, the Master smeared his face with shit and jumped out the window. 
These are my friends! Is that right? It's more like a line at the drugstore. 
Shortly before the plane lands, a worried flight attendant runs into the cabin: "Are there any pilots on board?" The saloon is shutting down. - The astronauts, the pilots? The passengers are stunned. - Well, at least the prosecutors? It's been a long silence. It's... It's... From the tail of the plane comes a trembling voice: "I have a little experience planting potatoes. It's... It's... 
- Are you married? - I did. - What time is it? - Half past nine. 
A girl walking her dog, a woman walking by. The woman says, "What's your name, girl? "Rose, what a beautiful name, and why did they call you that? When I was born, my father gave my mother rose oil, and a drop of it fell on my forehead. - What a beautiful story, what's your dog's name? - Why do they call him that? - He's a fucking pig. 
There's a man on the steps, smoking. All of a sudden, there's screaming and shouting from the next apartment. After a while, a neighbor comes out with broken 3D glasses. The man asks him, "Neighbor, why are you so upset?" Yeah, he bought a 3D TV and broke it! Why? The man asked in surprise. I'm going to watch porn, I've been bitten five times! 
But my wife is a great cook, and she never has a headache, and soccer is He likes to watch TV with me and go fishing. You faggots are not like humans! 
Daughter to Mom: <unk> Can I go to the party? Yes, on one condition! Don't break your glass! The girl lost her virginity last night. Scandal at home this morning. Mother shouts at father: "Your daughter broke the glass!" Father: So what? - What? When I married you, you didn't even have arms! 
An English lord comes to visit his friend, the servant opens the door. The Lord says, "Hello, Jack. I'd like to see Mr. Johnson. - That's not possible, sir. Unfortunately, Mr. Johnson has left for the funeral. - I got it, Jack. Can you tell me if he'll be back soon? - No, sir, he went there in a coffin. 
- Honey, give me a blow job. - What? 
My wife and I had a Freudian reservation yesterday. How's that? We're sitting here having lunch. I think I'll ask her to pass me the bread and butter. And he says, "Bitch! What the fuck? I can't see you! She ruined my life! <unk> 
The doorbell is ringing. A man opens the door and finds a skeleton with a scythe. The skeleton asks, "Sidorov is Peter Ivanovich?" - Yeah, who are you? - The death! - What, are you after me? It's... It's... No, we're just conducting a survey to improve the quality of service. - What? It's... It's... Then fuck off and never let me see you again! - What? - What? - Thank you so much. 
- What? How do you like our cook? - What? That's great! - I made it! 
- Hello, is this a newlywed monostar? - Are there any new girls? 
A refrigerator truck driver taking two penguins to the Moscow Zoo breaks down. He's asking the cops for help. The policeman stops the 600 and says, "Turn the air conditioning on full and take these two to the zoo". At the end of the day, before the shift, the guard sees the same "six hundred" driving back with the same two penguins. He stops him and starts to jerk off, "I told you to go to the zoo!" <unk> <unk> In <unk>600<unk> they are surprised: <unk> So in the zoo were, in the planetarium were <unk> here we go to the cottage<unk>. 
The dialogue on the bus. Pioneer giving way: "Grandpa, please have a seat". Thank you. Please. Thank you very much. - Big one, please. Don't be such a smartass. - Fuck you. 
There's a rabbit in the woods. He's happy and smiling. The wolf said to him, "Are you happy, you big, hairy bastard?" - I read the magazine "Illogical". - Well, let's say you have matches. - I did. - So you smoke. Does that make sense? That makes sense. If you smoke, you drink. Does that make sense? That makes sense. If you drink, you go to bars. Does that make sense? That makes sense. In bars, you take women. Does that make sense? That makes sense. Then you fuck them. Does that make sense? And if you fuck women, you're not a faggot. The wolf was happy and joking in the forest, and met the bear, who asked him, "Why are you happy?" - Yeah, the rabbit told me about logic and illogic. - Get out of here, gray. - Let's say you have a match, bear. - No, I did not. - Then you're a fag. It's... It's... The end. 
Two elderly Jews are talking. It's... - What was your favorite toy as a child? - Oh, Chaim, my parents were so poor that if I wasn't born a boy, I wouldn't have anything to play with. It's... It's... 
A mother approaches her blind son. Mother: "Son, I bought some ointment at the drugstore, and if you put it on your eyes, you'll see again". - Is that right, Mommy? - It'll really help! Son: - Then hurry up! Mom put ointment on his eyes. Son: "Mom, I can't see anything any more! - Happy first of April, son! 
The children wrote an essay at school on the theme "My mother is alone! I'm not going to. "My mother entertained me all summer. We used to go to the seaside, swim, sunbathe. My mother's alone! I'm not going to. "My mom bought me a lot of toys this summer. She took me to the park, the planetarium. My mom's all alone. I came home from school one day and went straight to the sidewalk, opened the door, and there was one. A bottle of beer, I think my head's about to explode, and then the voice of my mother, who'd had a lot to drink the day before, comes from the room: Get me a beer from the fridge! - What? I got one! " What? 
Dad is an existential psychologist and son. The father locks the child in the refrigerator and leaves, comes back in 10 minutes, looks at the son and says: "What's up, son?" - It's cold. It's... It's... Father looks up at the sky and says, "Stay with this", closes the door 
Doctor, my memory is failing. How long have you had this? How long has it been? The failures! What failures? 
What? What's up? Valentine? - What? What about Peter? - What? - What? - What? Fuck, you sure fucked up with Peter, all right? 
Why is it that if a girl sleeps with a bunch of guys, she's a whore, and if a guy sleeps with a bunch of guys, he's gay? 
Dad, is it true that there was no sex in the USSR? It is. What, were they all so illiterate they didn't know where a woman's clitoris was? - What? (tired, not letting go of the TV) Licking the fucking thing. 
The village blacksmith said to his new apprentice: "I'm going to take a horseshoe out of the fire. When she nods, hit her with a hammer. So the new apprentice became a blacksmith. 
Defendant, can you explain why you inflicted eight stab wounds on the victim? I'm an artist, that's how I see it. 
Claustrophobic George, wearing a sweater, howls for a while. 
A reporter caught in the past. Suddenly he sees Elijah the Moor jumping on the road. - You are Ilya Muromets, right? - I did. - Can I have an interview? - That's a foreign word. All right, suck it up. 
The man took a cab. - Where are you going? - No, I'm not going to the wedding. It's... It's... - No, you misunderstood me. It's... It's... Where are you going? - Let's go to the bridesmaids. 
The old lady was staring long and hard at the chewing gum of the student. It's... It's... He looked at me and said, "You don't have to tell me, son. It's... It's... I'm not deaf! " What? 
Grandpa and Grandma received a letter from Wovotka, Grandpa says: "Hello grandpa and grandma! I went to school for the first time today and we had a truth lesson, and the teacher told us that we should always tell the truth. Well, I wanted to tell you the truth. I once got in a fight and ate a can of raspberry jam, then I put it back in. It's... It's... "Grandpa's gonna roll in your face like I told you, shit, and you're gonna get all worked up. It's... It's... 
A man opens the door, and there's a skeleton with a beard and all in some colorful rags and ruffles. He says, "Who are you?" I am the death. What are you, like, ridiculous? 
The excavator Ivanov resents his parents for such a stupid name <unk> "Excavator" 
I'm here to get a job. What's your name? That's it. It's... It's not. It's... Hurry up! ♪ I'm the one who's the one ♪ 
A husband demands affection from his wife, and she refuses. Husband: Why not? The cat. It's... What the fuck, Cat? I can't. It's... He's watching. It's... Husband throws the cat out of the room and starts bothering me again. I'm not going anywhere. It's... What a man, he's in the kitchen behind the fridge! I want him to watch. It's... 
The assistant professor calls the Georgian student to the board and asks: "What is your surname?" - What? - What's your name? - I know. - My name is Nikolai Stepanovich. - I know. - My name is Nikolai Stepanovich! - What? - What? What about you? - What? What? - You! - I'm Nicholas Stepanovich, and you? - What? What? What? - What? What? - What? - You! - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? - What are you doing? - What? - What? - What? - What? 
A regular customer walks into a tavern and yells at the bartender, "Hey, nigger, give me a glass of whiskey, and hurry up!" The bartender, keeping his composure and a polite smile: <unk> That's not very nice of you, Mr. Levy. It's... It's... How would you react if I spoke to you in the same manner? We can try. I'll stand behind the counter, and you come in as a visitor. The bartender comes out of the bar and shouts, "Hey, you dirty Jew, give me a glass of whiskey!" I'm sorry, but we don't serve black people. It's... It's... 
Citizen, will you get off at the next stop? I went home... 
Doctor, will I live? What's the point? 
A young mother and her infant are riding in a bus with a Georgian sitting next to her. 
If you go out of a country club at night and look at the starry sky, your nose stops bleeding. 
A mother and her son are in the car, and suddenly, a giant sex machine hits the windshield and bounces off. The mother is silent, the son asks: "Mom, what was that?" - The bug! "How does it fly with that cock?" 
A Russian Disneyland owner and an American. We decided to compare who had the scariest room. The Russian goes into the American there mummies, skeletons of all kinds, in general, everything as usual. The American walks into the Russian: long corridor without light, walks, walks the American is afraid of him already, walks for a long time. I saw the light. Walking along, he sees a Georgian sitting with a candle. Georgian American asks: <unk> Did you wash your poop? ♪ The Georgian mill is putting out a candle ♪ 
In the store, a mother and her five-year-old son, the mother accidentally hits the machines and they fall. Son to the whole store: - Come on, fuck everything here! 
One patient had part of his stomach removed. After the surgery, the doctor says, "You can't eat right now, so inject I'm gonna stick a needle in your back door, and you come back in a month, and we'll see what happens. It's been a month. Patient comes to the doctor, happy, shoving his ass. - How are you feeling? - That's very good, Doctor. - Why are you shaking your ass? - My friend bought gum! 
"Watson, why do you have such a strange name, Doctor? It's... It's... " What? 
<unk> Waiter, can we have some more of this roasted melon? <unk> Why do you think it's not roasted enough? He's eating my salad. It's... 
The librarian sneezed, and her dick got into the Guinness Book of World Records. 
Shot in the head by Stirlitz. "Crazy", thought Stirlitz, with his head spinning. 
I'm sorry we can't be together anymore. It's not about you, even though you've been fucked, but it's not about you. 
A terminally ill patient begs the doctor for a prescription. The doctor the patient gets, he prescribes mud baths. What, Doctor, will help? No, just get used to the ground. 
Uncle, be careful! The stairs are covered in saltpeter! Shut up, you cowardly son of a... 
Soldier in school: <unk> And the enemies caught me, and they said <unk> either we will crowd you or shoot you... And I chose death, children! 
A black man walks into a bar full of white people and says, "Is it okay that I'm black?" 
Dad, you promised to go to the zoo. ♪ Father promised ♪ Father went! 
A sperm bank was blown up yesterday in the city of Mukhosransk. Twenty-five billion people died. 
A policeman is on duty in the park, he hears in the bushes moaning, screaming, asks: <unk> For love? With love! I'm not fucking with you! Woman, does he force you? I'm the only one here. 
The Soviet collective farmer was awarded a trip to Paris for his hard work. He returns home, shares his impressions with his wife: <unk> Here, climbed, like this, on the Eiffel Tower and look straight ahead, and there <unk> fuck! I'm looking right. To the left! Fuck you! I looked back, you fuck! The wife is standing nearby and sobs softly: <unk> Oh, Wang, what a beauty! 
Have you seen The Benny Hill Show? No, what's wrong with him? 
I'm leaving you, I found out you're a pedophile! What are you, a pedophile? - What? - What? Isn't that too clever for an eight-year-old? 
The laundry call. - Hello, is this the Ministry of Culture? - No, not at all. Let me assume that you were sloppy with the dialing. - Oh, my God. I can tell you're wrong. It's... It's... 
A patient comes to the doctor and says, "Doctor, I've become a bit angry and irritable lately. The doctor barely breaks the prescription: <unk> What did you say? Don't be mad at me, bitch! - What? - What? 
A Japanese man comes into a restaurant, can't say a word in Russian and thinks, "The Russian will come and I'll order what he orders". The Russian comes in and says, "Hey, waiter! I want tea! The Japanese guy says, "Hey, waiter, I need a sip". Well, they poured him some tea, the Japanese man drank a few glasses, thought he wouldn't be satisfied with tea, and decided to wait. Another Russian comes in and says, "Hey, waiter, I want some poppy seeds, some crab on the table and sausages for 15 rubles". The Japanese guy says, "Waiter, move your balls, your crab under the table and your 15 ruble soda!" - What? What? What? What? - What? - What? - What? - Shine your light! 
Naked Georgian looks in the mirror, in front, then turns around, and he's fucking up. Georgian: <unk> quietly quietly, your own 
What do Moldovans do after sex? <unk> They turn to the wall and start plaster so softly 
A Georgian is peeing in a dark doorway, a woman comes in from around the corner and screams in fear, the Georgian says: "Na valnusa!" I'm chasing him! 
A woman accountant, in addition to her monthly, also has quarterly and annual. 
A teenage skinhead and his mom are walking through the market. The salesman is Caucasian. The complete set: cap, nose, etc. I'm not. I'm going to go. The little berry shirt! You can see White Pride World Wide! That's a first. Whoa! This is a real scanhead! - What? - What? I'll see you later. - What? - What? 
A man walks in, sees a black man crying, leaning against a tree trunk: "It's cold, I'm tired, I want to go home"... The man says: "What do you say, I'll give you a ride?" 
Vovochka didn't speak until she was five. And then at breakfast he says, "Why didn't you put sugar in my tea?" Delighted Parents: "Why didn't you say something before?" - They always used to. 
Stirlitz stood his ground. This horrible torture was invented by Mueller. 
A Ukrainian father instructs his son who is going to marry a Russian: - On the first wedding night, son, grab Throw your wife on the bed like this, let her know that Ukraine is a force! Then take off your clothes and stand in front of her like this - let her know that Ukraine is beautiful! From the stove, the voice of the old grandfather: - And then, grandson, start jerking off - let him know that Ukraine is independence! 
Cigarettes and matches, please. Is it okay that I speak English? 
The crate falls, the whole fucking thing breaks, Pooh hits the little bird in the ear: 
What are you doing on the roof? I'm pulling up the antenna, Vasily Ivanovich! It's a beautiful name: It's... It's... 
- Who are you without your mask? - Man, don't stop me from welding. 
During a visit to Kazakhstan, a Frenchman was given a parrot that spoke Kazakh. He used to show everyone in France how a parrot, for example, says, "Thank you! "when he's given something delicious. One day an old friend suggested that he teach his parrot to speak French. I'm not. Those to whom he shows the parrot don't know Kazakh. He agreed and asked, "How can I teach him?" Every time you feed him, say out loud, "Mercy! "and he will learn. It's been a while. It didn't work. The parrot always said, "Thank you! I'm not going to. Then a friend suggested that he not feed the parrot at all for a month. At the same time, record the words "Mercy! "Glue it up and run it around so that it's a word that you can hear all month long next to the parrot. It's been a month. The owner turns off the tape recorder, hands the parrot a piece of delicious biscuit, and the parrot says to him: "Oraza айт кабыл болсын! - What? - What? I'm not going to. 
Stewardess, give me the complaint book! Every time I fly this airline, I get the same seat, I can't watch a movie, I can't get a nap. Shut up, Captain, and stay focused. We're about to land. 
Paris, early in the morning. A lady walks into a cafe and orders coffee. A minute later, he calls the waiter, and he's like, "Garson! What the fuck! What a service you have! Why does my coffee smell like dirty man dicks! - What? - What? The waiter takes the coffee, smells it carefully, then says, "Ma'am, try to take the cup with the other hand... 
I don't recognize you today! Do I look that good? That's not the point. Who the fuck are you? - What? - What? 
- What? Go home now! Or your lunch will get cold and look bad on Instagram! 
James Bond and Jean-Claude Van Damme are meeting at the bar. - My name is Bond. James Bond is here! - My name is Dam. Van Damme, you know. He was Claude Van Damme. This is Jean-Claude Van Damme. 
Did you know that the old professor who lives below you is a blonde? What are you talking about? All these years, I didn't know you were a professor! 
A man met an elderly but attractive 58-year-old woman in a bar. We had a few drinks, we were chatting, and she said, "Have you ever had a threesome with a mother and a daughter at the same time?" No, not at all. Would you? You ask! Of course I would! Well, you're in luck. Let's go to my place. They come to her house, and the lady opens the door, and she's screaming inside, "Mom, are you awake yet? - What? " What? 
In accordance with the decree of the government of Ukraine "On the benefits of the Chernobyl" From the scene of the accident, you will be addressed with the prefix "Fon", within a radius of 10 km - "Your Excellency", within a radius of 5 km - "Your Eminence". 
I want to take this opportunity to say hello to my girlfriend and congratulate her on Builder's Day. For three years, she's been playing God knows what. 
The puck is going to the commentary room! <unk> Changing the sash 
- Do you have any water? - It's not water, it's water. - Then give me some water! - It's not water, it's waters. - I can see you're fucking drunk! - What? - What? 
Husband comes home with a duck under his arm and says, "I'm fucking that pig". But it's not a pig, it's a duck. I'm not talking to you. 
Vova is always late. Marya Ivanovna says: "Girls, if Vovochka starts saying all sorts of nasty things, immediately pack your things and leave the classroom. And they're building a brothel opposite the school. The girls got up, packed their things, and started to leave the classroom. - Where are you going, bitches? - What? They're just laying the foundation. 
The early bird gets the worm 
The girl rubs the guy's balls. He's moving his fingers carefully, looking, admiring, sometimes sighing. It's... It's... - Honey, what are you thinking? - That's right. It's... It's... I remember mine. 
A guy comes home with a bouquet of flowers for his wife. Looks like we're gonna have to spread our legs today. This is my wife. Why? Don't you have a vase? 
Father and son sitting with a very big head, silently having lunch. Suddenly, out of nowhere, the father, with all his stupidity, sends his son away. For what, Daddy? - What? I fucking hate you! You fucked up so bad! 
A Jew goes to a sex therapist and says, "Doctor, I just got married and I'm not getting along with my wife". - I'm lying on my right side and I can't - Well, then you try lying on your left - What, straight face to mom? 
What would happen if I stuck a pencil in your dick? <unk> Corresponding member. 
"It's getting cold", said the wolf, and put on his red hat. 
A married couple comes to the gynecologist, the husband describes the situation: "Doctor, we arrived yesterday from a resort where We were diving the day before we left, and my wife had a crab or something get into her vagina. It's... It's... We have to get him out of there! The doctor examines him, sees that he can't get to this creep by normal means, and says, "Put your dick in there, the crab will grab it, and you can pull it out". It's... It's... The man didn't like the idea, so he said, "Which one of us is a doctor?" Go ahead and work! The doctor comes in, he puts it in, he takes it out, there's no monster. It's... It's... Once again, no. It's... It's... He's got a taste for it. He's fucking a full-grown patient. The man slaps him on the shoulder, "Doc, what are you doing?" What the fuck? "The doctor's practically in ecstasy, yelling, 'I'm going to fucking kill him! - What? - What? 
A man's friends come up to him and say, "Kolyan, listen, every night you spin around, and then you shout, "Zagibaai! I'm going to die! "and you wake up. What's your dream? - Oh, you guys. I dream every night that I come hunting in the forest. I get out of the car, and there's a bear and a cub. I get my gun, I walk up to them, and the bear raises his head and says, "Please don't kill us, good man! "But I still kill them, and I put the bear in the car first, then the baby bear. I get in the car to leave, I hear someone knocking on the door. I look, and there's a yeti. I quickly raise the glass, but the yeti breaks down the door, grabs me, puts me on his shoulder, and drags me away. Carries, carries, carries to the cliff. Pulls my pants down, sticks his finger up my ass and hangs it over a cliff. I'm hanging like this, hanging like this, and suddenly I feel like I'm slipping off the yeti's finger. And I shouted, "Get lost! I'm not going anywhere. "That man was Albert Einstein. Whoa, fucking mouth! 
He's getting into a cab. Suddenly, an old woman crosses the road. Driver on the right, old lady on the right. Driver on the left, old lady on the left. The driver swerves, turns around, and there's an old woman on the road. Chuccha says the white hunter is a bad hunter. If the bell didn't open the door, the money would have gone. 
My father had three sons. They rented out their apartments. It's... It's... 
Elephants are given an enema before entering the arena so they don't shit in the arena. There are three elephants ready for enema. A baby elephant, an elephant in its prime, and an old elephant. They take turns. The elephant shouts: What the fuck? Please don't fucking do that! It hurts! I'm going to the bathroom. The elephant in his prime, he's like, "Fuck, how much can I do?" Every week, the same thing. Fucking work. How fucked up is that... that... that old elephant standing there silently and not moving. And it was only at the moment when the enema was injected that I turned my head slightly to the trainer: "How's the gym today?" 
Honey, you know all diseases are caused by nerves, right? So what? I think you've been worrying too much, and you're gonna get syphilis. 
Stanislav, don't you think you're a little pretentious for a man who's been exchanged for a dog? You're lucky I didn't understand that. 
When I'm with you, I don't want to think about work or my career. It's... It's... - The quarry doesn't dig itself out, fucking Petrovich, fuck off, start the excavator! - What? 
If you change one letter in the name of Ilyukh to <unk>Sh<unk>, you get Ilyusha. 
One boy was so demanding and picky that he ended up growing a dick. 
A foreigner in an Italian restaurant in Russia. The foreigner: "Two pizzas" The waiter: "I'm a fool". 
At the factory, a worker is interviewed for the anti-alcohol program: <unk> Would you be able to work as well after 100 grams of vodka as you do now? Well... yes, you could! What about after 200? I could! What about after 500? - What? - What? That's how I work. 
Two girls are sitting on a bench, and one says, "Man, does it smell like dead bodies?" What? Holy shit! - What? - What? 
The Gestapo surrounded Stirlitz, but he pretended to be a crowd and got lost in it. 
I've got a comma on my cheek! Urmas slaps his cheek slowly. The net with the old lady's trousers, Urmas puts his hand in his mouth and claps from the inside. 
The girl is lying on the beach sunbathing. A man comes running up to her with a paddle and a crutch on his stomach. What? - What? We're so soft in the back! 
What are we complaining about? Doctor, I don't know if my face is too intelligent. I've been kicked in the collars, I've been pushed in the transport, I've been pushed out of the line. All right, keep your eyes on the hammer, don't close your hands, don't, don't! What are you doing? I just couldn't help myself. I'm sorry. 
Dad, what are fireworks? How do you explain, son... well, it's when you first fuck, then fuck! - What? - What? and silence... 
Buratino started jerking off and lit up. 
A guy's in the zone, and a guy comes up to him and says, "We're gonna fuck you in the ass or we're gonna gouge your eye out". The guy starts yelling, "Fuck you, you fucking faggots!" - What the fuck are we, faggots? - and I don't see any one-eyed people here. 
She walks into the cockpit of the flight attendant's plane and warns, "Be careful, there's an airwaffle on our plane!" Passenger: Don't believe any of that crap. It's... The Germans. German. It's... 
Two Canadians sitting in a bar, drinking whiskey. One says, "Let's play a game: I'll say a word, I'll write it on a piece of paper, and you have to guess it by asking questions, and I'll answer 'yes' or 'no'". Guess what, whiskey on me, no, you. - Give it to me! The first one says, "That's bad", the second one says, "Is that edible?" - Well, you know. It's... Basically, yeah. - Who's the moose? 
On Field of Miracles, players spent eight hours trying to guess the word "butt". 
Hebrew SQL: responds with query on query 
"God protects the protected", said the nun, putting the second condom on the carrot. 
There's a girl on the bridge, clearly she's going to take her own life. The homeless guy's good. Girl, since you don't care, can I fuck you one last time? I haven't had a woman in so long. You goat! Have you seen yourself? It's filthy, it stinks, it has lice! No, no and no! Get out of here! Of course, of course, I'm leaving. I'll wait for you downstairs. 
Why does a black man who fucks a white girl always cry? <unk> The pepper spray cuts the eyes. 
- Man, who are you and what are you doing in my apartment? - What? - I'm not interested in philosophy. 
Liechtenstein has begun withdrawing its soldiers from Iraq. 
Wife's meeting the executioner from work. What's in your bag? Yeah, I got the turkey on the house. 
There are tomatoes in the fridge. A day, two days, a week. 
Dad, why did they call the death toll and nobody died? What about Dad? What about Dad? - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? - What? 
If little Dracula didn't come home from school, he's been impaled. 
British scientists recently discovered a tree that is nearly 3,000 years old! According to their testimony, if a tree could talk, it would have a mouth. 
Can I leave my boa here? Yes, please leave. I'm not going to let you go. 
It was a long kiss. It's the kind of kiss where he's done with her. mentally have anal sex, and she's already mentally moving all her furniture into his apartment. 
Earth, the year 2222. Suddenly, something happens in the sky: stars shift from their places, new ones appear, old ones disappear. And after a while, the stars line up to say, "Who are you? I'm not going to. People collect the remains of what can still burn, all kinds of lanterns, candles, bonfires, and light the phrase "WE ARE EARTH" on Earth. The stars are moving again, the galaxies are shifting back and forth, and finally, a sign appears in the sky that says, "EARTHLESS, GO TO THE GROUP, WE DON'T ASK YOU". 
A cop is standing by the river, and a voice says, "Hello, fellow cop! I'm not going to. Looking down, the river is full of shit. - Hey, shit, are you crazy? What kind of colleague am I? - You bet. It's... It's... We're both from the inside. 
September 1st, the new geography teacher comes to the 6th grade, the kids are thugs, they stand on their ears, they interrupt the lesson. It's... It's... She's in tears and to the director <unk> Ivan Ivanitch, I can't, I don't know what to do. It's... It's... Young green, come with me. It's... It's... You walk into class, and the A.I. says, "Hey, you big eaters, you want to ride a gondola on a globe? "Ivan Ivanovich, what is a globe? "And this, children, is what your new geography teacher will tell you. It's... It's... 
Moisha comes to the partisan detachment: <unk> I want to become a Pagtisan. "It's not that easy", the commander replied. "Here are some leaflets. Moisha leaves, comes back in a week. What took you so long? Moisha (taking out the money): <unk> That's a complicated package you've given me. It's... It's... 
A cool jazz bar is holding a contest for the best performer they'll hire. There's a crowd of musicians and an old nigger among them. He comes out and says, "This song is called 'I'll jerk off to you all night! "It's a delightful blues, and half the musicians get up and leave, and the other half just cry for joy! The old nigger says, "My next song is called, "Suck on me, bitch, till I come!" "And playing the blues even louder "that the remaining musicians unanimously refuse to participate in the competition. The bartender says, "We'll take you, but can you not name your songs, and they're a little... mmm". It's... They're shocked. The Negro agrees. It's the next concert, the lead singer must have forgotten to spray, he's got a buckle sticking out of his pants, he sits down at the piano, plays. The owner notices this glitch, walks up to him, says, "Your dick is sticking out, you know? "Negro what? Do I know her? - What? I wrote it! - What? 
I was recently told how to make ships in bottles. The bottle is filled with silica glue, netting, thread, rags and shaken. You get all kinds of strange things, sometimes ships. It's... It's... 
A large shipment of drugs was intercepted in Tajikistan yesterday. It's autumn, the rains. It's... It's... Let's get some more. It's... It's... 
What do you like best? Look, Petrovich, I don't give a shit, as long as the faucet doesn't leak! 
The convent. The old nun's caretaker is taking young girls to be nuns. He leads them to a bowl of holy water: <unk> Whoever has seen male shame wash his eyes with holy water. A few girls wash their eyes. Whoever has touched a man's shame, wash your hands in holy water! One of the girls comes out of the crowd: "Can I rinse my mouth before anyone washes their ass?" 
God's law at school. Priest to children: What is the fastest thing in the world? The children (thinking, Vovochka pulls his hand): - Fuck, father! The priest: - What? But make it count. Before I knew it, he was up. I'm not going to be able to do it. I'll see you then. What's the hardest thing in the world? - Fucking father! Priest: Explain yourself, though. If it doesn't get up, you can't lift it! The priest. - All right then. And what's all this... (Wovonka jumps with desire to answer) - Be still, though! That's how we fuck up God's science! 
Two colleagues were sent on a business trip. Well, we arrived, we were tired, we booked a hotel room. The older man went straight to bed, and his younger companion decided to watch some more TV. He sits and watches. Periodic phone calls to the room to "provide leisure". The young man thought about it a bit, and ordered a "massage machine", which is not offensive - two. The fairies come to the room, he takes one of them to the bathroom, and the other says, pointing to his sleeping companion: "Well, this is yours. "Girl, let's give a sleeping man a blow job. Picture: night, dark, a man wakes up feeling all the power of his experienced mouth and says: "MISHA! - What? You fucked up! - What? " What? 
Why did you shit under my desk? Sidorov, I'm a woman, which means I'm an actress. It's... It's... 
- Do you have a left headlight on Chery QQ? - There is. 450 rubles is a lot. It's... It's... Why is it so cheap? Chinese shit? 
Give me your hand. Can you feel your heart beating? But it's not the heart. It's... It's... Fuck you. I might. But it's pulsating, you know. 
The man sits down with the woman and says, "Excuse me, are you a journalist?" - I know. How did you know? Your face is stupid. Woman offended: <unk> And your face is dumber too! I know, I'm a journalist too. 
An intellectual walks down a village street, doesn't touch anyone, doesn't look anywhere. A man comes up behind him with a pitchfork, and he blows his ass. The intellectual is like, "Oh, oh, oh! "And the man said, "What do you think? " What? 
The Gornysh snake flew into the village, burned everything, ate the cows, pecked the men. It's... It's... Then he climbed up the hill, looked at the whole mess, and timidly said, "I'm such a funny animal! 
It's a math class, and there's a lecturer and three students in the audience. Suddenly, five people get up and leave. There'll be two more coming and there'll be no one left! 
Buratino drowned. 
While I was grazing, the horse swallowed a fly. A fly starts screaming in his stomach, "Hey, you, let me out!" But the horse is gone. 
The radio broadcast. The caller is asked to name a word that is not in the dictionary, but which may make sense in a sentence. So, the call. Who are you? This is Dave. Your word? - What? It's spelled S-O-L-B. That's not a word in the dictionary. You have every chance of winning a ticket. Now make a meaningful sentence with that word. You're a fucking whore! The phone call is immediately cut off. And then the show goes on, and there's a couple of bad calls. There's another call. I'm going to go to the bathroom. What's your name? Jeff, please. Your word? I mean, really. I-I-I-I-I-I-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l-l Yeah, it's a weird word, it's not in the dictionary. And the whole sentence? I'm the new one. Fuck you! - What? - What? 
Petka is coming from Kazakhstan. Vasily Ivanovich asks: - Well, Petka, did you learn the Kazakh language there? - I did. - What's one in Kazakh? - A beer. - How about "five"? - Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. - How about a thousand? - Well, it is a long song. 
An American, a Russian, and an American went to the moon. I said. God takes them by the hand and asks the American, "Why did you come?" - Missile bases to build, sir. - Raise the target. What the fuck are you doing here? The Kazakh stood with his head down, his boot in the moon dust, and muttered: "Jai ashein". I've been known to use a pencil to make a piece of cloth. 
A spring afternoon in a cafe. - Comrade Rosenblum, I keep asking myself, what will happen in the summer? - What about summer? Families will move to the cottages, prices will go up a bit. - No, that's not what I mean. I wonder what will happen in the summer. - What else could it be? The Opera will have a new program, Rosenfeld will declare himself bankrupt. - You don't know. I wonder what will happen in the summer if your socks already smell like that? 
An American, a German and a Kazakh are asking you what you would do if you had a time machine. So the American says, "I would have been there in 1945 and made sure that there was no atomic bombing of Japan, it's such a shame for my German: "I would go back to 1939 and make sure there was no World War II, it's such a shame for my nation". A Kazakh is asked: what would you do with a time machine? He answers: "I would sink the rear windows! " What? 
A Russian customs officer was once asked, "How long do you have to work to buy an Audi?" He thinks about it and says, "Well, about a month". Ask the same question to a Ukrainian customs officer, and after thinking about it, he replies: "Probably three months. They go to the Kazakh customs officer: - How much do you have to work to buy an Audi? He stood there for a long time, thinking and saying, "A year". - What took you so long? After all, a Ukrainian customs officer takes three months, and a Russian one. - I don't know. It's a big firm. 
The Snake of Horynch came and said, "Give me some water or I'll eat you all". Call twenty of the strongest men, they'll grab his ass from both sides and start saying, "Ah, twice!" One, two! One, two! Whoa, whoa, whoa! Ivan is down! 
There's a man in the middle of the street. He's cool, smokes, doesn't bother anyone. Suddenly, he sees a tiger coming at him at full speed. Before the man could regain consciousness, the tiger knocked him down and ran away. The man just got up, got high, and then a BAC! A lion runs up to him, knocks him down again, and passes him by. The third time the BAC is the same, but with the antelope, our hero is completely confused. Suddenly he hears a voice from the side: "Man, you would be it. Get away from the carousel! 
There's the stutterer and the hunchback. The hunchback is smoking, and the rabbit decided to shoot a cigarette: The hunchback says, "N-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n- - What about the b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b? 
A stutterer walks into a bar and asks the bartender, "Do you have any si-si-si-sini?" - I'm not going. Another man comes up to the bartender and says, "Do you have a little blue fire?" - No, not at all. - What? P-p-fucked up, right? - I-I-I fucked him up! 
Pop went to Heaven and was given the Volga. Jesus says, "Come with me and I'll show you around". They're driving, the sky is beautiful, the birds are singing, the sun is shining, and suddenly the Imam is driving past them in a BMW, with a bottle of whiskey in his hand, a muzon oret. The Pope stops and says, "What the hell, Jesus? You know, he's been sober all his life and now he's in heaven. You deserve it. They're moving on. Suddenly, they're being overtaken again by the abbot in a convertible with the bitches. Pop's going off again, claiming, like, what is it? You know, he's been a bachelor all his life, and now he's breaking up with me. They're moving on. Suddenly there's a gold Bentley with a rabbi in it with booze, women, a muzon oret. We overtook them and went over the horizon. Jesus turns around and says, "Listen, don't even ask, I don't know, they're some of Daddy's friends... 
And remember, Cinderella, at midnight sharp, the magic will end and you will be pierced by a towel. 
A guy comes to a girl, they just met. And the guy wants to shit so bad he's crying. She left it in the room and went to make tea. There's a big dog in the room, but he's kind of quiet. Thinks there's no way out. He's gonna have to take the dog. Puts his pants down, poops on the carpet. The girl with the tray comes in. It smells. Does it smell bad in here? That's your dog, you little shit! What are you, an idiot? She's a plushie. 
Doctor, I have a pain in my anal canal. ♪ Take off your pants, let's see... ♪ Oh, yeah, you got a rose sticking out. Doctor, this is for you. 
The brothers are celebrating New Year's in a restaurant. The only music is karaoke. The women are grumbling. - Listen to the commander, but chase the musicians - Yes you what! New year's is busy! - You don't understand, the wives are asking. - What? I have one group. They play cool jazz! - Give me your jazz. The jazzmen are coming. They unpack, they plug in, they play. One, play, two, three. The room is getting quiet. People are sobering up. One of the brothers goes to the stage, waits for the number to end, goes to the pianist and whispers, "What's wrong, guys? 
A gentleman had a wife, a mistress and £100 in his pocket. One day his mistress asked him, "Honey, make me a stagecoach". "But I don't know what it is", he replied. "Why should I have a lover who doesn't know what a stagecoach is? "said the mistress and threw him out. So he lost his mistress. Then the gentleman went to the prostitute, gave her £100 and asked her to show him what a stagecoach was. "So I can build a stagecoach for £100? " screamed the prostitute and threw him out. So he ran out of money. The gentleman had no choice but to return to his wife. "Sweetheart, show me the coach! " he asked his wife. "So that I, like the last whore, could make a stagecoach? "his wife screamed and threw him out of the house. So he lost his wife. In desperation, the gentleman remembered that he had an old aunt who was famous for her love affairs when she was young. He went to his aunt and asked her to tell him what this stagecoach was all about. "Oh, the coach, the coach. " said my aunt and died. 
Dear passengers, please tear out the first two pages of your passports, wrap them in a tube and shove them up your ass. The last time a plane crashed, it was such a mess. 
- How many shrinks does it take to change a light bulb? - One if the bulb is ready to be changed. 
Electrons are slowed down for excess. The policeman walks up to the car and says, "Sir, do you know how fast you were going?" No, where am I? 
This is bin Laden calling the World Trade Center. Did I get into the WTC? 
Shoot this one, this one and this one. Oh, please don't need me! Don't do that, he doesn't want to. 
A man drives all day. I'm tired now. This is a black-only motel. The guy smeared his face with guatalin, they let him in. He says, "Wake me up at 6 a.m. "Woke him up early, he went on. By nightfall, he's tired of seeing a "whites only" motel. I tried to wipe my mouth, but he wouldn't. The man thought, "They woke him up". 
Hochol complains that dreams don't always come true. I had a dream that I saw a nice girl sleeping next to me. I don't know. Another time, I dreamt I was in bed. I'm awake, I'm wheezing, I'm wheezing and I'm lying down. 
A young beginner of the conference goes on stage on his first day of work and announces: "Now, the Rainbow Folk Ensemble will perform for you with their work. The audience whistles, "Fuck off! "throws eggs and rotten tomatoes at him. The young man runs behind the scenes in tears and an old confidant comes up to him: "You just don't know how to deal with our young people, they need to be treated in a certain way. There you go. So this old man comes on stage and says to the audience, "Great, you faggots! He's like, "Wow! Hey, shoe! He said, "Come on, assholes, guess the riddle!" Three letters, there's an "x" and a "w". - Whoa! Fuck you! - It's not a dick! This is UHI, and it's UHI that you're going to hear from the new Rainbow Ensemble. Meet him! - Whoa! Give it to Rainbow! The older confidante walks up to the younger one and says, "Well, you got it all? You can try again tomorrow. "The next day, she goes on stage, so she's young, and she says, 'Hello, honey! - The Aegean! That's great, steamed! - Come on, you motherfuckers, guess the riddle! Three letters, there's an "x" and a "w". Well, some of the people who come in for the second time in a row, they start yelling, "Whoa! Whoa! - Those aren't fucking ears! It's Huey! And I'm going to take this dick and I'm going to go through the front rows, and the ones in the distance will see the rainbow, which is what our wonderful ensemble is called. Meet him! 
I ate a parrot. All the beasts are gathered and let him be judged. Let's cut the fucking widow off. Monkey: No, not too hard! Let's cut the fucking widow off. Monkey: No, that's too rough. Oh, let's cut off the widow's tail! Fuck you! I'm not sure. 
Schrodinger and Heisenberg are driving down the highway to the conference, Schrodinger driving. Suddenly, there's a bang, and he stops the car. Heisenberg looks at the road: "Oh my God, I think I hit a cat!" He died? I can't say for sure. 
- Endure in life and after death you will be rewarded. - Fuck, Petrovich, fuck, wash your feet go! 
A girl comes home high, sits down in a chair and starts clicking her fingers. Ten minutes clicking, fifteen, half an hour... she sits still and clicks. Her mother comes in and says, "Natacha, are you okay?" The girl clicks her fingers: - What? 
You are under arrest! You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. Naked woman! What, naked woman? Use a naked woman against me! 
Are you saying I'm beautiful? Yes, he is. Is he that handsome? And he is so handsome. And here, let's get out of here, is this nice? It's beautiful there too. Comrade Lieutenant, give me your license, I have to go! 
A geologist went to Georgia to study the mountains, settled him in the family. And one day, he comes out of the house and sees the youngest son of the family, a nine-year-old, in the backyard shitting on a sheep's ass. The geologist ran to his father and said, "Your son has a sheep". - And the lamb is such a little white one? - Yeah. - Aah, this is childish. 
A silver flying saucer has landed near the house of the enlightened Mountain Dao. The hatch opened slowly. A bright white light filled the lawn outside the house. From the light came an unnaturally thin and tall figure. Rawati Xentari, a worthy son of the Xentari race, entered the house of the Daos and asked right from the threshold: <unk> What will you give me in return for all the secrets of the structure of the universe? The wise man sat facing his guest and gazed at the tin bucket before him. Without turning to the stranger, he calmly said, "This is a bucket of shit. The alien thought hard. But why? He finally asked. The wise man slowly turned to his guest and looked strictly into his huge dark eyes. Because in the house of the Mountain Dao, it's not a place for a bucket of shit! That same evening, Rawati became his student. 
Two friends meet: <unk> How are you? I haven't seen you in five years! I got the juice. 
How many Freudians does it take to change a light bulb? Two of them. One changes, the other holds his dick. 
Movie theater incident: <unk> Darling, why won't you kiss me? I just gave you a blowjob. Did you? 
Scientists have finally found the cause of baldness. It turns out that people go bald because their hair falls out and doesn't grow back. 
In the darkness of the chamber, Papa Carlo steps on a pile of sawdust. You son of a bitch! Shit again! 
There's a man walking through the woods. There's an old lady there. The man says, "Grandma, what are you doing in the middle of nowhere?" The grandmother replies: "I, my son, Baba Yaga". I'm out in the woods, collecting mosquitoes. Then I mix it with shit and insist on alcohol. It's a healing potion, and I sell it to people, and I make a living. Do you want me to tell you the secret of the healing potion? "No, thank you, grandma", says the man, "I know how to make money on shit with fly nests". Well, goodbye then, my son... have a good one! And to you, grandma, goodbye! Baba Yaga turned and went her way, and Pelevin went his... 
- Why did you throw a brick at Uncle Sasha's head? - I won't do it again! - He doesn't need it anymore! 
There's a road race. There are several dozen cars involved. Periodically, the convoy stops at the gas station to refuel. There's only one crew that never goes to a gas station. The other contestants start whispering, "What is this super fuel-efficient engine, or this huge tank?" At the next stop, they can't take it anymore and ask them: "Men! Why do we always stop by for gas and you don't? We are students! We have no money! 
A man goes to the doctor. Remove half of my brain! - It is. It's not possible! And very dangerous too! Why would you even do that? - Doctor, please! I can't do this anymore! I was born a prodigy, I finished high school in three years, I have no friends, no girlfriend. I'm constantly solving problems, solving equations, proving theorems. I can't, help me! Remove half of my brain! The doctor called a council, examined the man - yes, indeed, the activity of the brain is such that it is constantly processing some information, never rests. And if you take out half the brain, the other half is just enough to do the work of a normal person. They operated, removed half. A man comes in six months later: Remove the other half of my brain! - But how? We've already deleted half of it! - It didn't! I write poems, novels and novels now! I write music, I paint, I sculpt! I can't do this, help me! Remove half of my brain! Well, there's nothing to be done. They've removed half of what was there. Six months later, he comes back and says, "Doctor, I can't do this! Please help! I am now discovering new chemical elements, new laws of physics, new plant families in botany! Remove my entire brain, please! I'll lose my mind! - Well, I understand, of course - your situation is very difficult. But I must warn you, if we remove the rest of your brain, you'll start menstruating. 
The schooner is five months into the voyage. It doesn't go into any port. The team wants love and women, so the discontent is growing. This is turning into a riot. The captain, seeing what was happening, approached the boatman: - Boatsman! You old sea wolf! I've been to every country! You know all the laws and customs of the sea! Tell me what to do in this situation. There's an old sea custom. The team draws lots. Whoever gets the lottery is the team's ass! That's what we decided. They drew lots. The lot fell to the boatman... the boatman, blowing his pipe and saying, "Old sea custom... He pulls down his pants and stands on the step. The whole team takes turns cuddling the boatman. He's standing there, puffing on his pipe. There's only one young man left. Standing there, trembling, afraid to approach the torn, bloodied body of the Bozeman. The captain approaches the boatman: That's the shit. There's only one young man left. He's still young, you know, afraid. Give him a lift! You're an old sea wolf! Bozeman, blowing his horn, whispered, "I love you, Young! 
Ilya: I wanted to ask you Ilya: why are the boots red? It's a long story. Ilya: In a nutshell, Duke: Once upon a time, the owner of the company was very fond of bowling. And he bought himself a shorter ball, but not a regular ball with three holes, but a little bigger ball with five holes. Anyway, this ball came from America and supposedly got fucked up by the Russian mail, dude. He was so upset, he drank for five days and five nights and then he took a shit. What's next? Duke: It's all Ilya: Fuck, what's with the paddles? And the red ones? I'm asking about the Red Keds. 
And then it's the stroke of midnight, and the carriage's a pumpkin again, and the coachman's a rat, and he says to the goose, "I'm not a fucking man anymore, I'm a fucking beast". 
Hitler spent the final months of World War II in a bunker, delaying his end in every possible way. 
Doctor, what are you shoving up my ass? The citizen! Why is it on the table? 
Beethoven woke up in the morning, washed Glazunov, shaved Borodin, ate Measkovsky in Smetana, had a bite of Hrennikov, drank Tchaikovsky with Biz. It was Puccini. and then Pagani. He put on the Shalyapin, threw Schubert, went to Dvorak, sat down at the Musorg tank. and suddenly Bach! Beethoven ripped off Liszt, wiped off Chopin, looked at Goono, put Glinka to sleep. And I thought, "What a bunch". 
- Father, can a woman be in charge? You can. But not fat. 
In the parked taxi jumps a ragged, smoky passenger: <unk> Go to Vavilov! I'm going to the cab. That's a fag. Vavilov is an asshole. 
There's a drunk guy behind the bar. Suddenly, he wakes up, focuses his eyes on the bartender, and says, "Repeat, sorry! I'm not going to. Bartender: "I repeat for the third time, you have one thousand eight hundred rubles". 
Now let's cut each other with a knife! Good one. And contests are fun! 
Watching new Russian comedies for free online still feels like paying too much. 
A poor village Jew comes to the Rebbe. He says, "Rabbi, I have two wonderful chickens, a white one and a black one, they love each other very much, they're always together, they're so close, soul to soul. Which one should I cut on Rosh Hashanah? Rabbi, think about it for a second. -But how can I be a black chicken, she'll be so upset, crying and sad, I can't kill a white chicken! - Well, kill the black one. - But how? Then the white one will be very upset, because they are so close, she will not find her place! - Well, kill them both then. - But I can't, Rebe, they are so dear to me! I'm dying of grief! Anyway, this goes on for a while, then the Rebbe says, "Kill the white chicken". - But what about the black one? - Screw her. 
The wedding. A drunken guest with a drink in his hand rises from the table: <unk> And now I want the bride in front of everyone to make me a blowjob! On the other side of the table, an angry groom rises. The guest: The bride! 
Bought a little bar, hangs out with the manager, looks around. They're coming to the birch grove, and there's a ravine in front of them, and there's a stream running down the ravine. It's not wide, but you can't cross it without getting your feet wet. It would be good, Fyodor, if by my next visit, in a week, a bridge could be built here. I'll do it for you. Well, you better try it, brother, try it. Let's move on. A week later the baron comes again. He went hunting, put on new boots, took a gun, a dog, and Fedor as a guide. There's no bridge to the ravine. Barin sighs, looks at Fyodor reproachfully, then turns and fucks him in the ear, and goes back to change into old boots. Returning to the ravine <unk> the bridge is carved, painted with lantern lighting. Fyodor, but how? I was gone for half an hour, and you did what you couldn't do for a week. This one, Baron... There were no firm instructions. 
A man has come to cut down the forest in the taiga. A month, two, three... and he wants a woman. He comes to one of the villages, he goes into a hut, and there's a man sitting there. How are you? How are you? Look, I've been missing a woman a lot. How are things with the women? But we have Valentin Petrovich! What the hell is Valentin Petrovich? I'm not some faggot! And he left. After a while, he couldn't take it anymore and came back. All right, give me your Valentine Petrovich. Just so that only three people know about it - me, you and Valentin Petrovich! No, three won't do. I need seven. Why four more? Let's keep Valentin Petrovich, or else he doesn't like these things! 
The taxi driver takes the passenger to his destination. - Here you are, 300 rubles from you. - Fuck you! - a passenger shouts at him and jumps out of the car without paying. The offended cab driver calls the dispatcher. - Len, I just got fucking fired! - Mm-hmm, so, what's the nearest subway? 
How do you meet girls? Well, here's a simple way: buy two tickets to the last screening of the movie and walk down the street, look at the passersby. If a girl's carrying a bag or in a hurry, don't go near her. And if she's not in a hurry and she's not carrying a bag, then there's no one to rush to, so you approach her and push her. She said she and her friend were going to the movies, he didn't show up, the ticket was lost, she couldn't make the company. If she agrees to have ice cream in the lobby, you go in the hall, lead the way to the back row. As soon as the lights go out, you put your arm around her waist and you put your dick in her hands. Hey, what's this for? Well, I don't know, it's kind of a bonding thing. 
The guy was a conductor on the train. There's a girl in the compartment one day. This is your ticket. Girl: Whoa! He fell out the window! Guy throws her off a moving train and she crashes. Dude's going to the electric chair. Last wish: I want to eat a banana! I did. They're turning on the cutter! The second time, they're turning on Live! There's a statute for a pardon. The guy's getting out. He's getting back on the train as a conductor. There's a boy in the compartment. This is your ticket. Boy: Whoa! I swallowed it! Dude throws the boy out on the run, he crashes. The court. Sentenced to the electric chair. Last wish for a banana. They're checking everything thoroughly, they're turning on the cutter. They're playing again. They let go. Dude's getting back on the train as a conductor. This time he's throwing out the priest who forgot to buy a ticket. The court. Sentenced to the electric chair. It's the banana. The guy's being processed, the chair's being processed for two more prisoners, everything's working. They're gonna cut the guy alive. Once again, alive again. They let go, and they say, "Well, how do you do that? What's the power in these bananas?" I don't know. I just really like bananas. What about staying alive? Well, that's probably because I'm a bad conductor! 
Germany. A tourist bus full of tourists from Israel is broken down on the side of the road. The German driver turns around, goes to the nearest house and knocks on the door. The old man opens the door, and the driver says to him: "Hey, Grandpa, help me, I have a bus full of Jewish tourists that broke down". What can I do for you? I only have a microwave. 
The funeral procession is coming. There's a man there. He notices the one ahead of him, is thrilled, and runs to him. Get out of here! Kent, it's spring and winter! How you doing, man? Look, I'm sorry, I'm in a lot of pain. My wife died. You got married? I'm very happy for you. 
The worm-son asks the worm-father: "Dad, Dad, is it true that there are worms that live in fruits?" - It is, son. - Is it true that there are nuts? - It is, son. - Dad, are we all in shit? You see, son, there is such a thing as home. 
The atom gave up one electron and said, "Oh, I'm so positive. 
It's the ballet premiere, just a few minutes to go, and the room is packed. Behind the scenes, the main characters of the play are preparing. A ballerina suddenly gets a huge hard-on, he doesn't know what to do. <unk> Man, <unk> he says to his partner, <unk> fuck up, a few minutes before the premiere, what to do? Oh, you know what, let's work with our hands, maybe you'll make it. I can't make it. Let me fuck you up real quick. "Fuck you", said the ballerina. "Mash, I can't do it alone, there's very little time left", he said. A ballerina poking her finger into an imaginary clock, and time keeps going by while you're here refusing. The ballerina thought about it for a while and agreed. Right backstage, she pushes her pack and her panties away, the ballerina leans in from behind and starts to fry her. He's burning with enthusiasm, I hope, because time is short. He's about to come. But then the bell rings, the music plays, the curtains come down, the lights are pointed right at you, and the room just shits. The ballerina's a little bit of a dick-sucker, too. She's got her dick out. The cheers, whether it's just because it's time, are more powerful towards the auditorium. Of course, nothing gets into the hall, but it gets into the orchestra pit. Right on the cellist's head. The cellist plays, frowns, but plays to a four-bar pause. Then he touches his bald head, gets in his semen, looks at it, smells it, and says to his colleague, "Look, I look like I just got laid". You play like a motherfucker. 
A man walks in the desert, no food, no water. He wanted a drink. The man says out loud, "Oh, how thirsty I am! Suddenly a shovel falls from the sky and a voice says, "Dig". A man digs and finds a pitcher of water. I was happy, I drank. The voice says, "Give me back the shovel. The man throws the shovel up and she disappears. It goes on. He wanted to eat. The man says out loud, "Oh, I want to eat!" Suddenly a shovel falls from the sky and a voice says, "Dig". A man digs and finds a basket of food. I was happy, I ate. The voice says, "Give me back the shovel. The man throws the shovel up and she disappears. It goes on. He wanted sex. The man says out loud, "Oh, I want to fuck!" Suddenly a shovel falls from the sky and a voice says, "Dig". A man digs for an hour, digs for two hours, finds nothing, gets tired and says out loud, "Fuck, what the fuck". - Give me the shovel. 
Grandfather for the turnip, grandmother for the grandfather, granddaughter for the grandmother, Loha for the terrorists. 
A man rides a camel across the desert with plenty to eat and drink, and yet he's been on the road for over a month with no one to fuck. Well, he wanted it so bad, he finally decided to fuck a camel. He takes things off, puts them on the ground. He comes from behind, takes off his pants, just wants to push in, and the camel takes a step forward. The man moves things around, adjusts again, wants to take a nap - the camel steps forward. That's five times. The guy's desperate, and then he sees a girl walking towards him. And she said to him, Feed me, and give me drink; and I will do to thee all that thou shalt desire. "Well, the man was happy, he fed her, he gave her a drink, and he said, "Okay, now make a wish. Hold that fucking camel! 
- Son, why are your eyes so red? - I was smoking pot, Dad. - Do not lie to me. You cried because you're weak and weak. 
They found uranium ore in Israel, they built a nuclear bomb, they test it, and it doesn't work. They think it's a big deal, but they can't figure it out. They try it again, it doesn't work. Not even a chain reaction. The thing is, the Jewish uranium nuclei don't divide. 
What's the Caucasian way? It's just business as usual, except with the Aje. 
A Texan walks into a pub in Ireland and says, "I hear you Irish are rare drinkers!" Let's see! I'll give $500 to anyone who can drink 10 pints of beer in a row! The bar was quiet; some of the patrons even left. After a while, one of them came back and asked, "Is your offer still good?" - Yeah, said the Texan. The man drinks 10 pints in a row. The shocked Texan handed him the money and asked, "Hey, where did you go?" - Yeah, I went to another pub to see if I could drink that much. 
A husband and wife having breakfast. The husband eats an egg with enthusiasm, while the wife sits opposite and, with her fists on her head, looks at him lovingly: <unk> Tell me, Kol, do you still love me? The husband pauses for a second, straightening up and putting the fork aside: <unk> Tell me, Nastyush, why do you have to start every day with a scandal? 
An intelligent-looking man walks into a brothel, asks the madam, "I want a schoolgirl!" Do you have any schoolgirls? Yeah, you go up to a room like this... He walks in and he sees a big, fat old lady sitting there in a school apron, golf balls and flip-flops. He shits quietly, and asks, "Excuse me, are you a student?" She was like, "Yeah!" Oh, what's with your voice? Fuck the cold ones on shift! 
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one orders a beer. the second half of the cup, the third a quarter, the fourth an eighth. The bartender says, "I know you faggots, you've got two drinks to go!" 
The Buddha and his many disciples were passing through a village. A few of his opponents gathered together and began to insult the Buddha fiercely and maliciously. He listened very quietly. And because of that peace, they were a little uncomfortable. It's an awkward feeling, they're insulting a man, and he listens to their words like music. Something's not right. One of them turned to Buddha, "What's the matter? Don't you understand what we're saying? "It is in understanding that such deep silence is possible", the Buddha replied. "If you had come to me ten years ago, I would have thrown myself at you. There was no understanding then. I see now. And because of your stupidity, I can't punish myself. It's up to you to insult me or not, but it's up to me to accept your insults or not. You can't force them on me. I just give them up; they're not worth it. You can have them. And now my students are gonna kick your ass. 
There's a burglary trial going on. They're questioning the victim. Judge: - So, tell me what happened on September 19th at ten in the morning. - Well, I woke up, and I screwed up. I laid down for a while, jerked off. I got up, I went to the bathroom, and then I pooped - get to the point, please. - Well, then I sat down and jerked off. He turned on the TV, started jerking off. I'm sitting here jerking off. - is of no interest to the court. What happened next? - Well, I've been jerking off and I hear the doorbell. I walked up to the door, jerked off, then opened it. I've got a lot on my mind. - and then what happened? - and then I can't remember if I screwed up or not. 
There's a husband and wife in the kitchen. A husband is a bully, a wife is silent and watches. Suddenly, the husband puts down the spoon and beats his wife with his fist. in those tears: - darling, for what? You sit there, you don't say shit, you bitch, you think shit about me. 
An elderly gentleman returns to his home and finds a young woman wandering around his rooms. He quickly locks the door and picks up the phone to call the police. The girl starts crying and shouting: "Heh! Not the police! You're ruining it! I'll do anything for you... you won't regret it! I can do that... and she takes off her clothes real quick. Uh, gentleman grunts and leads her to the bedroom. There's a growl, a cry, "What else could it be? "or is it going to be like this? I'm not going to say anything. Half an hour later: "What are we going to do? We're going to have to call the police". 
I was hanging out with a Jewish girl once. She was upset, but I told her a little gas never killed anyone. 
Jewish hipsters don't circumcise, they twist. 
There's two cupcakes in the morgue underneath the body, and one of them says, "You know, I think there's a very small chance that we're going to be found and eaten here. The second guy says, "Yes, Sergei". 
The US. The barber shop. A hairdresser is cutting a client's hair. What are your vacation plans, man? What's he asking him? "I want to visit Moscow", he replies. In Moscow! In this filthy, stinking city, where the garbage is not cleaned and there are bandits and bears on the streets! What are you, sir? Don't think about it! I'm going anyway. My grandparents used to live there! What airline do you fly on? "What's the matter with you?" The air force! He answers. Mom, honey, this is the worst airline ever. It smells like kerosene, it's cramped, and the food is disgusting. You're guaranteed to be a few hours late. I'm going anyway! Okay, what hotel are you staying at in Moscow? In Russia! What a nightmare! There's a lot of prostitutes, the prices are sky-high, there's cockroaches all over the place, and the staff is filthy. I'm going anyway! What will you do in Moscow? I can't get rid of the parakeet. I want to go to Lenin's Mausoleum! What? There's a huge queue, surrounded by militia and police. It's disgusting and disgusting! Nothing can stop me! The client answers. A couple of months later, after the trip, he comes back to the parish. ♪ Hey, buddy, ♪ ♪ This is the hairdresser, ♪ ♪ How was the trip? Did I tell you the truth about Moscow? You know, I really liked Moscow. They got a new mayor, and he's got the place in order. It's clean, there's no crime and I haven't seen any bears! What about Aeroflot? Is that what I said? Not exactly. The plane was almost empty, so we were moved to first class. We were fed well and the stewardess was a very nice and pretty girl. Well, isn't the hotel a piece of shit? What are you! They just had it renovated, and they had a week off, so I was living in a suite! No whores or cockroaches. Have you seen Lenin? The hairdresser is not leaving. I saw it. And you're not gonna believe this. I'm standing in line, and this guy in plain clothes comes up to me, pulls me aside and says, Scientists just performed a miracle and were able to revive Lenin, and he wants to talk to someone in the crowd. And they chose me for that purpose. Oh, my God, I can't believe this! What did Lenin tell you? Just a few words: "Shoes, and who the fuck cut your hair?" <unk> 
One therapist is 1024 gigabytes and 1024 times 1024 megabytes. 
At a dinner party, Lieutenant Rzhevsky took a lobster fork in the wrong hand. "Fi, what an attitude! " said an elderly lady. Since then, the lieutenant's been the subject of all kinds of nasty stories. 
A man walks into a brothel with five kopecks in his pocket. He comes and says, 'What do you have for five cents? - Go to the third room. A man came in. A second later, he comes running out screaming, "But there's a grandmother!" What did you want for five kopecks? All right, the guy comes in, and then a second later he comes out, "But she's dead!" - No, what did you want for five kopecks? So the man goes and does his thing, and then he runs out again shouting, "She's got a runny nose!" Zink, Zink, change the grandmother in the third room, it's already full! 
At school. Teacher: We have a test today. Can I use the calculator? You can. What about the Brady tables? You can. So, write down the subject of the test: "Removal of serfdom". 
There's a ten-year-old girl walking down the street. All in white. White dress, white golf shoes, white slippers. A white dog on a white leash. She's walking down the street all happy. Suddenly, the sewer hatch opens, and Uncle Pete, the plumber, comes out, all covered in shit, and starts to shake. It's all shit on the girl, on the shoe, on the dress, on the dog. The girl with the tears: "baby, why? I'm not going to. Plumber: "Oh, you don't like it? Do you like shit? 
Our officials went abroad to exchange experiences. They're all dressed up, sitting in the bathtub, drinking Hennessey. Our people are shocked by this reception. <unk> Where does this money come from? See that bridge? There's a car coming across the bridge, it's bringing a dollar to our table... it's been a year and our officials are bringing guests. You've got a great party, brandy, cognac, caviar, and girls. Foreigners are shocked by such a reception. Where'd you get the money? See that bridge? No, that's what I'm talking about. 
Do you have any cheese? What's this? It's cheese with mold. No, but we have Dor Blu sausages and Dor Blu herring. 
They look at the dick and say, "Ooh, keep the pension, poor guy!" They look at your dick and say, "Oh, you need to wash, shave and work and work!" 
A man walks into a public restroom. He's done his job, and he sees a man with no arms standing by the urinal, trying in vain to pee. "Hey", he says, "help me, be a friend, uncuff me!" - Come on, if that's the case. Unplugs the widget, takes it out. And this one's dick is all pimples and blackheads and terrible acne and pus. blisters, some skin hanging off, and it's the worst sight you can imagine. - Give me a hand, will you? He carelessly grabs his dick and helps it relieve itself. - Fill it up, please. I know. Thank you! You got it! - It's all right. I get it, that's how it is. Just this. What's wrong with your dick? The guy pulls his hands out of his shirt and says, "Who the fuck knows?" But I'm not touching it, just in case! 
A father is walking with his child in a wheelchair. Meets an old friend. - What? I had a baby! What did you say? - This is Natasha. - It's a beautiful name. It's beautiful, but I can feel a kid hitting on it. 
A blind man walks into a store, picks up a dog and starts to spin it over his head. Man, what are you doing? I'm looking around. 
A cardinal from Rome comes to the monastery. The abbot says to him: "Forgive us our sins, Your Eminence! Recently, mercenaries passed through our monastery and raped all the nuns except one! - How did she survive? - She said no. 
The spring. There's a guy and a girl on the dock. The corners of the world are crowded, the birds are singing, the birds are singing. The guy says, "Let's go into the woods". The girl nods in reply. They go into the woods, they find a good patch, they lay down, they dig. But my dad's got the baby fast. And he says, "Listen, honey, I'm going to take a nap, take a shower, come back, and we'll continue. Don't you know? There's a Gonzales in these woods! - What? Well, as soon as you leave, he'll run out and start fucking me. All right, well, I'll just turn around, take a shower, get dressed, and we'll do it together. No, you're missing the point. It's the fast, very fast Gonzales. Is he that fast? He's fucking fast, that one. It's all right. Then I'll take it out, put it in a jar, spit it out, and put my finger in your mouth so Gonzales doesn't do anything. The girl thinks it over and agrees. The guy reaches out, opens the door, and puts his finger up Gonzalez's ass. 
One boy watched "Twilight" so much, he got his period. 
I'm in Sheremetyevo, meeting my wife from Italy. The plane has been delayed for three hours, according to the announcer. I'm quietly roaming... next to me is a man of intellectual appearance roaming too: glasses with a thin bezel, hat, briefcase. He walks up to me, all tight, and asks me to watch his briefcase for literally a couple of minutes while he runs to the bathroom. I'm a good person by nature. I agreed. And here I am. Half an hour, an hour, an hour and a half, I'm not crazy anymore, I'm crazy! Finally, I approach the traffic police sergeant and describe the situation with the briefcase. He politely asks me to accompany him to the outpost. We come in, the confiscation protocol starts: everything is in order: my passport data, description of the situation. Eventually, the matter came to the drawing up of the contents of the case. They're opening up... I wish I could die here! Case is packed full of euros in bank wrappers! I almost swallowed my beard with one gulp, knowing I hadn't messed up! I feel like such a jerk, I can't even swear at myself! I'm looking at these uniformed men, they're all quietly tucking in their briefcases, and they're staring at the case, and they're like electrocuted. They're all going to him, and they're going to put these in their pockets, and I'm going to stand there like a fool and drool. But the sergeant took pity on me and said, "What are you doing, you're our breadwinner?" We're not animals here! I went to the case, forgot my name, and I started making money, too. I'm typing, typing, typing, typing, typing, typing, typing, typing, typing, typing, typing, typing, typing, typing, typing, typing. 
Two sharks meet. How are you? I had dinner with some swimmers last night, and they're still wearing rubber burps. They're divers, they need cleaning! 
Putin decided to see how ordinary people live, put on makeup, changed clothes, went to the market. He goes to the butcher: -How much is a kilo of meat? - Why so much? - Because our president is an asshole! Putin left, the next day comes in costume, with security, to the same seller: - Hello - Hello, Vladimir Vladimirovich - Why do you have a kilo of meat? - Why so much? - I told you yesterday, asshole! 
There was a blind girl. Every time she ate lunch, she would feel the contents of the plate with her hands for a long time and whine: <unk> Well, that's how I always got the least! If I can't see anything, I can share! Mom got sick of it and decided to see a therapist. And the doctor said, "Well, you", he said, "cook a whole bowl of dumplings". The next day, the mother sets the table and puts a whole pelmeni in front of the girl. The girl sits down at the table, moves the dumplings to her, feels the contents with her hands for a long time and says: <unk> I can imagine how much you have fucked yourself... 
When did you first kiss? In the army, with a flag... and then it fell off and took off: badges, wimpels... 
He came from Japan to learn karate. <unk> Show what you've learned in front of the line, <unk> says Chapaev. "Bring out the crowbar", says the Snitch. We got it. It's like he's hitting Chapaev on the back: <unk> They're beating him with their hands. 
My grandmother had four dogs named Aba, Srusya, Pira and Gami. And one day, my grandmother went out on the porch and called the dogs, "AbasSruzePiraGami! And the neighbor says, "You can shit on pancakes, but not on my property!" 
The new Russian checks his son's homework. - How much hay can an elephant eat? Son: A hundred kilos, please. The new Russian leans over and whispers to his mother, "Is this right?" I think that's a bit of an exaggeration. New Russian: No, that's wrong, it's hyperbole that can eat so much, an elephant can't. 
From a letter to a cable operator: What the fuck? Where the fuck do you keep the Culture Channel? 
Two new Russians come to the restaurant. - We'll have pickled elephant ears with a side of buckwheat. - African or Indian elephant? - says the waiter. - That's right. We had some African food, didn't we? - It's like African! - agrees one of the new Russians. - So, my dear, Indian ears! The waiter lists his order and disappears. In half an hour, he shows up. - Sorry, we can't do what you want. - What's the matter? - I can't find the buckwheat. 
Aliens abducted by aliens feel out of place. 
The man bought a new Rolls Royce. He's been 100 miles. He gets a call from the salon: "Excuse me, please. You have a car without an engine. We'll be right there to fix it. How did I get 100 miles? The reputation. 
A man walks out to his car one morning, and there's a nail scratched on the hood: "Paint the car, asshole! I'm not going to. Well, he's obviously upset, and then he's like, "Fuck! It's about time. I changed it. The car's as good as new. It comes out again, and the hood says, "Oh! That's different". 
A man is driving. The voice inside says, "Stop and dig here! He digs! Found a bag of gold! He drives on, his inner voice says, "Throw the bag in the sea". The man thinks, "Now there's going to be 10 bags". I threw it, nothing came up! And the inner voice says, "I saw the blinking! 
Here's two men on a train going to Scotland, and the first one says to the second, "Excuse me, sir, what's that strange package on your shelf?" I know. "Oh", says the second, "this is McGuffey". What's a McGuffin? <unk> <unk> <unk>This is a lion-catching device in the Scottish Highlands<unk>. "But", says the first, "there are no lions". "Ah", says the second, "then it's not MacGuffin". 
A man is sitting in a boat, fishing. A frog swims by and says, "Man, can I stay in your boat and warm up?" - All right, get in... the frog gets in, falls down in the boat and flirtatiously asks: - What is it? At that moment, another frog swims by and says, "Oh, can I get warm too?" The first frog says, "Fuck you". Is that right, Alexei? 
How are you? I want to rent a room. You're not going to have a drunken orgy? No, not at all. I'm sorry. 
Bohm approaches the girl sitting on the bench, digs deep into her clothes, takes an apple, spits it out, wipes it with a sleeve, and serves it to her. She's being cautious. I don't suppose there's any question of a minette? 
The old man's got a rooster in the village, the chicken doesn't roast at all, we need a new one. Brings in a new one, a young one, puts them to roost. The old man goes to the young man, says: <unk> Well, I'm old already, of course all the chickens are yours, but give me at least I'll run before you, even if I don't look like shit to the chickens. Well, young man, you've got to give it up. Well, they're running, so the old one's ahead, the young one's a little behind. The master sees this, runs to catch the young man and breaks his neck with the words: "Fuck, what's the matter, the third cock is a faggot! I'm not going to. 
The circus. A deadly trick with tigers. The trainer says, "I'm going to put my dick in that tiger's mouth and keep it there for a minute!" The audience is in a trance, dead silence, everyone is frozen... The trainer takes the tray and starts beating the poor tiger on the head. The BAC. Open your mouth! The BAC. Stay where you are! He puts his dick in his mouth... Shut the fuck up! A minute goes by, he hits the tiger on the head again and shows his farm to the crowd, saying, "Look how amazing I am!" And then he turns to the audience and asks, "Can anyone do this trick again?" Of course, everyone is silent... everyone has a point! There's a frail blonde coming down saying, "Well, let me try anything!" Just don't hit me on the head, man! It's... 
There's two drunks in the kitchen. - In Minsk. Minsk, please! Fucking fridge. 
Chipolino hated the hipsters. And why would he love someone who loves fucking onions? 
The Immortal comes to Baba Yaga's hut, and the hut is in ruins, the furniture is all broken, the dishes are broken, and only the stove has a monster-sized cock. - How are you? What's all the fuss about? Why is your dick so big on the stove? - Yesterday Ivan Tsarevich came with Vasilisa the Beautiful. And he started fucking her! And on the table, and on the shelves, and on the counter, and under the counter! He fucked on the floor, he fucked on the wall, he fucked all over it! - Where the fuck did you get it? - Oh, that. That's my cat, Vasenka, lying on the stove, poor thing. Lying there, watching it all. That's fucked up! 
It was London. In the morning. The old English lord is having breakfast. The butler runs in and shouts, "Sir! The Thames is out! The Lord phlegmatically: - John, go out, then come in and report properly. The courtier comes out, then runs back in and shouts, "Sir! The Thames is at our house! - John, go out, then come in and report properly. The courtier is coming out. The door opens, the butler steps in, the water rushes into the room behind him: 
A man comes to fish. Blows a boat, swims into the middle of the river, drops anchor, sits fishing. And then the heavens opened up, and the storm came, and the boat capsized, and a voice from the sky said, "Plus two or minus two?" A man thinks he can't fucking answer, "Well, plus two!" The weather's back to normal, the boat's turning over, the man's being tossed back into the boat by an invisible force. He rows ashore, collects the coins and goes home. He goes home, takes a shower, thinks about it all, looks at his farm, and he's got four eggs. He thinks I'm going to go back, maybe take another ride, say "minus two", and everything's gonna be fine. So he comes back to the river, takes a boat to the middle, sits fishing, waits. And the skies opened up, the boat capsized, the man's in the water, and the voice from the sky was like, "Plus four or minus four?" 
The fisherman went fishing. He pitched a tent on the riverbank and decided to take a break from the road. He's lying there and he hears a scream somewhere far away, "Fuck you!" After a while, it's closer: "Fuck you!" It's been a little while, and it's almost the same scream. So the man decided to see what it was. He comes out of the tent and sees another man in a boat, swimming in the river, and instead of a hammock, he has a bed. The fisherman says to the man, "You should have brought more forks!" And he said, "Fuck you! 
A Scotsman returns from London to his hometown and is immediately surrounded by his fellow countrymen: "Well, Glenn, how do you like London? - The city's fine. It's got great architecture, great color. But I didn't like the English very much - they were very shaky, nervous, rude. Imagine this: I'm in my hotel room, it's three o'clock in the morning, and suddenly an Englishman runs into my room, starts screaming and waving his arms. Then two more come running in, and they start acting up too. Then four more. All in the middle of the night! - What are you talking about? What about you? - What about me? As a true Scotsman, I kept my dignity and continued to play my flute. 
A woman walks into a sex shop and says, "Give me that blue blow-job, please". I know. And that yellow one. And this red one, please. - The red one's not for sale. - Why would you? - It's official. 
A stripper dancer comes to the soldiers in the army and shows striptease in the evening. After the coat is dropped, applause. After the dress was removed, a huge round of applause. After dropping the bra, a tremendous applause. After the panties fell off. It was quiet. The dancer will turn anyway. Shut up! She asks if you don't like me anymore. Someone in the audience whispers, "You can't applaud with one hand. 
My dear! Look at that ring! What a cute ring! Buy it, buy it, buy it Buy it, buy it It's all right! Girl, give me that ring with the cottage cheese and the Baltic Nine! 
In the cold water, Louis XVI becomes Louis XII. 
A Jewish family collects a basket of Jewish Red Riding Hood cakes and gives her instructions: "Taki, listen to this. When you get to Grandma's, she's gonna be crying all over you that, oh, wow, winter's coming, from The crack is blowing, the faucet is leaking, there's no water to boil, the roof is sweating, there's no money at all and in general, what do you, granddaughter, know for this life. But don't listen to anyone, and stick to your plan: with cabbage, five, with meat, eight! 
A scientist and sage came to Alexander of Macedon to present his invention - the catapult, which threw an arrow of enormous size. After demonstrating the device's operation, the sage bowed his head, awaiting the king's word. What did you call this car? Great, this is the ballist. Suck it off the tractor driver. 
Calls for a fox, a rabbit and a bear, like help with the move, get the furniture upstairs and all that. They come, they take. The fox is like, "Hey, guys, do I take off my bottle or my pants?" The bear and the rabbit shrugged, and he gave me a bottle. They come with a bottle. The rabbit says to the bear, "Hey, we did the right thing by choosing the bottle". - Why? - I'd like her panties big, but you're too small. 
After death, Assad, Obama, and Putin all go to the devil. And the devil says to them, "Well, the procedure is, if one of you teaches me I am obliged to let you go to heaven. Assad's first word: Have you tried to poison civilians with chemical weapons? I know it was. Obama: What about trying to level the entire country? I know. It was. Putin: Can I whisper something in your ear? Let's see. And he leans toward Putin. Putin whispers something in the Devil's ear, the latter's face is stretched out, his jaw falls and his eyes pop out of their sockets: <unk> Wow, fear God! 
My ex had a parrot. That fucking thing never shut up, but the bird was cool. 
Estonians love to stand by the sloth's cage and watch it play. 
Kolobok comes out of the shower and says, "Fuck, I forgot to wash my head". 
Teacher: Kids, today I'm going to tell you about octopuses. Octopuses live at the bottom of the ocean. They move with their tentacles. Very slowly at first. They crawl on the sand, they crawl. Heading for the beach. Slowly at first, then a little faster. And then they accelerate, and they're running at full speed towards the shore, they're running towards the shore, further, further, accelerating, through the plains, through the deserts, speeding towards the mountains, gaining speed. At tremendous speed they run into the mountain, from the top into the sky, into the stratosphere, then into space... Maria Ivanovna, I think you are telling us a lie! The voice from the first desk. Girl, what's your name? - What? Where's our magazine? That's how we'll write it: "Ivanova" "fucking" 
There was a priest who built a church. And it would have been fine, but the bell tower kept falling. Build it and it will fall. Build it again, it'll fall again. An angel of the Lord appeared to my father and said, "Put your wife on the foundation and your temple will stand forever". The young father loved his wife very much, but he also loved the Lord. And the temple must be built. He burned, cried, said goodbye to his wife (and she was a god-fearing girl, it had to be that way) and he walled up. And the bell tower still fell. 'Cause you can't fuck with a robot. 
- We're sitting on a bench, next to a bench, cat and cat are having sex, it's normal. The aunt comes out and says, "Barsic, Barsic". One of my friends: - The problem is that your Barsik is busy. - No, that's not a problem. The problem is, he's down there... 
- You're fucking with me! - Why would you? 
There's a curfew in the country at 10:00. It was 9:50. Two men are standing and talking in a subway station. There's a guy running off the escalator, probably heading for the train. One cop pulls out a gun and shoots the guy in the back. The man falls. Why did you shoot him? It's 10 minutes to go! Yes, I know him, he lives far away, he wouldn't have made it home anyway. 
- Whoa! Look at that girl! - Yeah, it was cool. - Let's get to know each other. - Let go! - The bone. - Cyril, please. 
- Light my mirror and tell me the truth. Am I the sweetest of all the reds and whites? - You are beautiful, no doubt. But red and white at the same time, that's fucked up, you fucking idiot. 
A man walks into a hardware store and says, "Give me a loaf of bread!" - You what? We have kettles! We have no bread! - Oh, you didn't? - and punches the saleswoman in the eye. The next day, the same story repeats itself (only he gives her another eye). She comes home at night and complains to her husband. He advises her to buy a loaf of bread and sell it to him. And she did. The man comes back, and the seller says, "Here's your bread! - I already bought bread at the pharmacy, give me cream! 
- Do you smoke? - I did. - Are you drinking? - I did. - So what do you want after this? - Fuck you! 
"Girl, give me 30 packs of condoms". - You want the package? - No, I did not! What are you! I have a beautiful one. 
Met a guy, moved in together a month later, split the rent. A year later, I found out it was his apartment. 
Let's say there was a zombie apocalypse and some of your relatives became zombies, would you shoot them? I could fuck some of them alive! 
The donkey comes to the lion: "Ah, did you fuck it? King of the beasts, not me?" Leo: I am the strong one! Donkey: Yeah, me too, but I'm not sure. I have a mane! Donkey: Yes, and I have a mane! Leo: Oh, I have a brush on my tail! Donkey: Oh, and I have a brush! The lion thought about it and said, "I can fuck my lioness for 30 minutes!" Donkey: <unk> I can do my donkey too! Well, we decided to have a competition to drag each other out, and whoever could hold on the longest would win. I'm the first! Get him! He gets on the donkey, 30 minutes, that's it, done. It's the donkey's turn. Fifteen minutes go by, 20... the lion starts to get nervous. Leo dials the lioness's phone: "Honey, what can you do to make me come faster?" She says, "Well, I'm going to get my ass kicked by a lion". 24 minutes to go. Leo dials his lover's phone: <unk> Hey, panther, what are you doing to make me come faster? Panther: ♪ I'm clawing you so gently ♪ ♪ I'm touching your balls, you're coming! ♪ The lion, still feverishly wagging his tail, grabs the donkey by the balls and the donkey, at the 26th minute, comes out in a rush. Lion: What do you say, donkey, I'm the king of the beasts? The donkey looks at him euphorically: "No, Leo, you are not a king... you are a god! 
A grandfather and his granddaughter are walking by the river. The river is full of shit. Granddaughter asks: "Grandpa, where does shit come from?" Grandpa says, "A long time ago, there was a prince and a princess who loved each other very much". One day the prince went to war and the messenger brought news that the prince was missing... the princess drowned in grief in this very river. And the prince came home, and found out that his beloved was dead and drowned in the same river. Grandpa, where the hell did that come from? I don't know, someone took a shit. 
"Lieutenant, have you ever tried to treat people the way you want them to treat you?" - Do I have to suck everyone's dick? 
A junkie walks into a pharmacy for a pipette, and a cop gets in line behind him. She walks up to the counter and asks in a firm voice: "Tell me, are boric acid and boric alcohol the same thing? - "Well, yes, the full name is "alcoholic boric acid solution". - "Great, then give me a pipette. 
- Mom, did you make dinner? - Of course I did. I put your spice in the soup! The one in the box! Whoa! In a box! I'm going to the bathroom. Right-side-up in the box-box! 
After a successful day, the doctor returns home in a good mood, undresses, takes a bath, jumps out of the bathroom naked and jumps under the blanket. The wife, as usual: "Oh, I have such a headache today! - That's great! In the bathroom, I just sprayed some aspirin on your dick, and you can take it orally or as a vaginal suppository. 
A dirty homeless man walks up to a new Russian man on the street and says, "Fuck me in the ass!" NR: Did you fall off an oak tree? I'll give you ten thousand dollars for this! N.R. thought it was too much money and agreed. They've gone to the back door. There's a homeless guy in there, and he's gonna whine during the trial, "Come on! You're putting me in debt! Push! 
Two gentlemen are sitting by the fire, drinking. And one of them says, "I'll bet you, pigeon, I can shit a little dot on your forehead". - You're full of it, my dear, is that human? - Would you like to make a bet? - Please. Sits on each other's faces, tries to take a nice shit, but can't stand it, so he covers his head and half the room. The second, shaking and wiping the shit off his face: "I guess, my dear, you lost after all. 
A frog hit the ground and became a beautiful maiden. Hit a second time and got all bloody. You don't have to do it every once in a while. 
- Change requires our hearts! - Choi, don't bother to explain. A call for the teacher. 
A scientist and sage came to Alexander the Great to present his invention <unk> a small piece It's a fabric that can be sewn onto any piece of clothing and worn with anything. After describing the virtues of his simple but very practical invention, the wise man bowed his head, awaiting the king's word. What did you call this piece of cloth? The big one is the pocket. I fucked your mama. 
- Okay, I'll bet you three with a raise. - Whoa! - But first, a stretch. 
A man stands at a bus stop in the morning, some athlete runs by, slaps him on the nose and says, "Fool". And he runs on. The next morning, the situation is the same. A man comes home at night, tells his wife about it. She says, "Don't give a fuck about the idiots". The next morning, there's another man at the bus stop. The same athlete runs by, slaps him on the nose, and says, "Fuck you". 
Drunk Natasha had almost calmed down and stopped singing songs in the cabin. But then a stewardess named Jeanne approached her. 
Yogurt "Rasticka" got stuck in the fridge and became yogurt "Drista". 
- Young man, you can't go to the bank naked! - I just have to pay the loan. 
Threw a man in the water. Standing like a fool, without a net! 
A man comes into the gun shop. I need a gun. What kind of gun? What kind of cans do you wanna shoot? You know... Africans, Mexicans... 
Ah, Pierre, if you knew what a low person Lieutenant Rzhevsky is. Yeah, short, when we went to fuck horses, he always put a stool. 
Lieutenant Rzhevsky and Natasha Rostova are dancing at the ball. Natasha starts the conversation: <unk> Lieutenant, tell me, what did you do last night? I fucked a mare in the stable! Lieutenant, that's low! ♪ If you're low, you can put a stool on ♪ Lieutenant Fi, you're such a messenger. And went to another gentleman. He asks him: <unk> Tell me, Cornet, do you think Lieutenant Rzhevsky is really such a coward, or is he just a clown? - Mademoiselle, I think it was a clown. For instance, we fucked yesterday in the stable, and he kept telling me to get rid of the stool! He's definitely a clown! 
Even water has three states, and you've never had one in your life. 
A Russian, an American and a Frenchman go into a restaurant and see a man sitting there eating, they look at each other and say, "Isn't that Jesus?" <unk> The Russian comes up to him and asks: <unk> Are you not Jesus? "Yes, I am Jesus", he answers. I know. The Russian approaches his friends and reports. The American comes to Jesus and asks him to heal his sick leg, Jesus puts his hand on it and the American is made perfectly well. The Frenchman approaches Jesus and asks him to heal his back, the procedure is repeated, the Frenchman is joyful no further. Jesus eats, approaches the three and asks the Russian: "Are you all right?" The Russian jumps up and shouts, "Don't touch me, I've got two more weeks of sick leave! <unk> 
A 25-year-old dumpling-maker, after patting her son on the cheek, mechanically wrapped his face inside. 
<unk> Wow, that was so cool <unk> I've been digging watermelon bones out of watermelon bones with my tongue since I was a kid 
The late '70s, Lebanon, the civil war. Hezbollah fighters interrogate a captured field commander from Amal: "Tell me where your positions are, or Jamil will show you the wrath of the Lebanese people". - I won't! - Jamil, please! Show this infidel the wrath of the Lebanese people! The bearded Ambal Jamil comes along, gets his big dick and the prisoner's fuck up his ass. - You're telling me now? - I won't! - Jamil, please! The rape is repeated. - Now you tell me? - It is! - What? - I love you, Jamil! 
A journalist is interviewing Boris Moiseyev. JOURNALIST: So, one last question: Boris, have you seen the pigeons? - By who? 
- Watson, are you gay? - How did you guess, Sherlock? - I didn't guess, I asked. 
All the corpses were called "cat bodies" by Valerac's pathologist. Because their nostrils are cold. 
An old retired actor was invited to come to the theater to fill in for someone. And he's sitting in the middle of the stage on the bench, the lyrics, of course, he doesn't remember, listening to the souffler. - I'm getting old. - I got old. - My powers are not what they were. - My strength is not what it used to be. - Slowly getting up. - He's slowly getting up. 
Do you like dry wine? You can fill it up! 
<unk> In our time of negative news, we should say more positive words: happiness, joy, peace. Died of jam? 
A foreigner had a fight with a girl. She walks away and he follows her screaming, "Suck my dick, bitch!" A scourge comes to him and asks: "How much will you give?" 
- You know why women need brains? - What's that? - So you don't drink the bucket while the floors are being washed. 
What kind of car do you drive? The Priory! Oh, my God! You'll see more with the tram! 
- Hello, are you comfortable talking? - No, I have the Galaxy Note. 
It's so nice to sit in the open air at night, holding hands. Look, a star is falling! We need a riddle. Let's have sex? Go for it. 
Two guys stole a calendar from a store and got six months. 
In the video, a young mother tries to breastfeed her baby: <unk> Eat, or I'll give it to your uncle. The child sucked a little and spat out, the mother again: <unk> Eat, or I'll give it to uncle. Man next to me: "You'll have to decide, I'm passing the third stop because of you!" 
You'll never be a man like him! That fat? Or an Armenian? 
A man is walking his dog, a big dog. Suddenly, the dog breaks free, runs up to a girl walking nearby, and starts poking her skirt with his nose. - What is it? - asks the owner's girlfriend. - Must be the smell from under your skirt. - Why are you standing? - I have a cold. 
Paris, the bus. Seated opposite each other are an attractive young woman and an elderly donjuan. With keen interest, he looks at his passenger, then leans over and whispers in her ear: - Mademoiselle, if you raise your skirt by 10 cm, I will pay you 50 francs. The woman smiles flirtatiously, lifts her skirt, and the contented old man hands her 50 francs. And suddenly a woman says, "If you give me another 100 francs, I'll show you where I had my appendix cut". - What are you doing? Take my hundred francs at once! - Thank you. And this place, we're just passing by", said the woman, pointing to the hospital outside. 
Chinese kids work out in the morning, and then they take it to Euronet in the evening. 
I remember the '43s. I was in the trench. My feet hurt. Then I put on the 44th and everything was fine! 
There's a girl in a sandbox, and she's sculpting something. A policeman walks up and says, "Girl, what are you doing?" - I'm going to tape it. - From what? - From sand, from clay, from shit. - What? If I hear that again, I'll rip your ears off! He leaves, comes back in five minutes. - Girl, what are you doing? - I'm going after the fireman. - From what? - From sand, from clay. - Why no shit? - If I add shit, it's a cop! 
- My sweetheart! What will you drink, champagne or beer? - I think I'll have some champagne. When I drink champagne, it's as if I hear the melodious ringing of hundreds of bells, golden sparks dancing in the air. like thousands of butterflies and call me to dance with them under the light fluffy clouds; the whole world sparkles and rings. And the beer gives me a fart. 
In ancient Rome, a man walks into a bar, raises two fingers and says, "I'd like five beers, please". 
The shortest and most beautiful fairy tale. Once upon a time, there was a prince who asked a beautiful princess, "Will you marry me?" And she said, "No! And the prince lived happily ever after, went hunting and fishing, met with his friends every day, drank a lot of beer, and ate a lot of snot, and played golf, and spilled He'd walk around the palace wearing socks, and he'd keep the toilet lid on, and he'd fuck the maid, and the neighbor, and the girlfriend, and he'd sing in the shower, and he'd fart when he wanted to, and he'd fart loudly, and he'd scratch his balls. That's it. 
A man walks through the woods and suddenly he sees a magic lamp on the ground. He lost it, and out came the genie: "I'll grant you three wishes, say the first one!" - The gin! I want to know how people get away with this shit. - That's easy! Jin opened his skull, took his brain out, and put a piece of shit in it. - What's your second wish? - Say three hundred! 
There was a case when the wife of a prince came to Genghis Khan, asking to release her relatives. Genghis Khan said, "Here are your husband, your son, and your brother. I'll only let one go, who do you choose? Without hesitation, she said, "Your brother". Explain to me why? The woman said, "I have been given a husband, and I have given birth to a son, but I have not given birth to a brother. After hearing this, Genghis Khan dismembered and pissed all three. 
Once in a town, a man offered a woman all or nothing. The woman couldn't choose. I went home. 
- I'm not a parrot, I won't say it twice. - What's that? - I'm not a parrot, I won't say it twice. 
A man comes up to an Uzbek man who is selling a milkshake and asks, "What's the milkshake made of?" - From the lamb. - What did you feed the sheep? - Oh, whatever he's been feeding, red caviar and black caviar. - The tax office. For 20 days. - For what? - Because the country is in crisis, and you feed the sheep red caviar, black caviar. Brother, I'm sorry, but for the first time, it won't happen again, here's 20 sticks of barbecue. Let him go. The next day, a man comes up to me and says, "What's the cheese made of?" - From the lamb. - What did you feed him? - I don't know, he's feeding on my garbage. - Sanitation for 20 days. He gives him twenty sticks of barbecue, and they let him go. The next day, a man comes up to me and says, "What's the cheese made of?" - From the lamb. - What did you feed him? - I don't know, I give 10 rubles, he eats himself. 
- But let me! What's your hand doing in my pocket? - Looking for a lighter. - Couldn't you have just asked? - I'm embarrassed about it. 
Winnie-the-Pooh made a bet with the Birdman that he'd drink the puddle. I took it and drank it. Then he bet me he could drink the river. And I drank it too. I bet he drinks the lake. And he drank it. He bet me he'd drink the sea. The bird thinks, "This is where I'll win!" But Winnie the Pooh drank the sea. An hour later, the little bird runs through the woods in terror, shouting, "Animals, save yourselves!" Winnie wanted to write! 
In the circus, the conductor enters the arena, accompanied by a boy. <unk> Ladies and gentlemen! And now this boy, with a phenomenal memory, is going to piss off the first three rows! There's a whisper in the room, a hiss. People in the first three rows get up and move up. <unk> Ladies and gentlemen! Where are you going? I repeat, a boy with a phenomenal memory! 
Raskolnikov goes to the usurer, and she says to him: "Rodion, why is your coat so SHUT UP?" 
There's an American, a Russian, a Frenchman, an Arab and a Jew on the plane. The plane is on fire, and there are only four parachutes. The American says, "My country is number one in the world, I have to save myself! "Take one parachute and fall out. The Frenchman says: "My country is the most cultured in the world, I must also save myself! "He grabs the second parachute and jumps out. The Arab says, "My people are the most faithful. I'm not going to. He's got a parachute and he's out. A Jew hands a parachute to a Russian. He admires you for giving me your last parachute, for sacrificing yourself. "No", says the Jew, "it's just that the most religious man with a sleeping bag jumped". 
A guy walks into a bar bathroom, and there's three faggots banging a train. He walks up to the bartender and says, "Do you know you have three fags in your bathroom fucking a steam engine?" - And the redhead in the middle? - Yeah. - He always has. 
The flood is over, the ark is docked at Ararat, Noah starts unloading elephants there, crocodiles, horses with dogs, etc. And on the mountain, the Armenians are playing nards, pushing each other aside and saying, "Ah, the circus is here! 
A Jew comes to the rabbi and asks, "Who should I marry?" Poor or rich? I know. The rabbi says, "Marry a rich woman". A month later, the Jew comes to the rabbi again: "Is it wrong to marry a poor woman? I know. The rabbi says, "Marry the poor girl". A month later, the rabbi comes back and says, "Something's wrong again". Then the wise rabbi says, "Would you like to become Orthodox?" I know. 
Once upon a time there was a woman and she was insane. And at the end, she always said, "Not me". 
- Why aren't you shaving? - I don't have a girlfriend to shave for. - And for yourself? - I'm buying beer for myself. 
The wife walks up to her husband at the computer and says, "Let me play". - Have a conscience, my dear, follow my example. Have I ever asked for a rag when you're doing the floors? 
Husband comes home to find his wife with a lover. He starts yelling, "What the hell is going on? The wife turns to her lover: "I told you he was stupid". 
A bear walked through space, saw the dense layers of the atmosphere, entered them and burned. 
If you really want to achieve something in life, you have to work hard at it. Now, quietly, the winning lottery numbers will be announced. 
A young man came to the Grand Master. - Grand Master, teach me some kung fu. The Grand Master was lazy. But he didn't say no. He said, "Yes, I'll teach you kung fu". But I'm not taking students now. Come back in a year. The young man is gone. But he comes back a year later. - Grand Master, teach me some kung fu. The great master frowned and said, "Yes, I'll teach you kung fu". But for that, you have to work on yourself. For three years, every morning watch the sun rise, and every evening watch it set. The young man is gone. But after three years, he comes back. - The Grand Master! For three years, I watched the sun rise every morning and set every night. Teach me some kung fu. - Yes, said the Grand Master. - But first you have to learn to hang 15 feet off the ground. The young man is gone. But I came back after five years. - The Grand Master. "For five years, I've been training every day, and now I can hang above the ground", said the young man, and he hung fifteen feet above the ground. - Holy shit! - said the Grand Master. 
Two woodcutters knock on a cabin in the woods. A third woodcutter comes out: "What's the matter?" Yeah, well, they found a body in the woods and thought it might be you. - The red shirt or the brown shirt? - In the red. - Well, not me. 
The bus. The back field. There are two gays. One says, "I want you right here. - Oh, my God. There's so many people, what will they think? - Look at this. Gentlemen, can I borrow a box of matches? The silence. - See, nobody gives a shit. - All right, give me a call. The same bus, the front platform. There are two drunks. - Look, I have a bubble. Let's crush it right now. - No, I can't with my throat. - I wonder if anyone has glasses. - Whoa, whoa, whoa. Backstage, the matchmaker asked to be fucked for the third stop. 
There's guys in the yard, smoking plush through the bubbler. Suddenly a voice comes from behind: "My sons, when you have finished your drink, do not throw it away, but leave it to me, for Christ's sake. They say, "Oh, Grandma, it's made of plastic". They turn around and there are sparrows. 
There's school kids behind the school smoking. The teacher approaches them and asks, "Well, tell me, what class are you in?" - The middle class. 
The guys bought a new Gazelle for the tomato truck. During the month of operation, there was a metallic thud in the back of the cabin, the cause of which could not be found. And they threw everybody out of the saloon. It's about time. I've got some spare parts, some doors and stuff. I'm not. And they'd turn their hair red, and they'd be like, So we're doing it right, one of us is rocking the car, the other one is listening to the body with a stethoscope. It was found knocking inside a vertical rigidity box welded from the inside of the cabin to the casing sheet. They didn't waste time, they cut a hole with a Bulgarian knife. Inside the box on a thick lathe hangs a M24 nut and a note: "YOUNG MAN, FIRED". 
Maria Ivanovna, a weaver, a pioneer of production, became a currency prostitute. There's a commotion at the factory - they've decided to hold a court of comrades. The Chairman of the Trade Union Committee: Why is that? You're the leader of our production, you've repeatedly become the drummer of the communist work, a deputy of all convocations, a mentor. How did you become a currency whore? What can I say? That was lucky. 
At night, the husband is awake, spinning, his wife says to him: "Why are you spinning? The husband sighs: "Life is like that, you have to spin. 
It's 11 p.m., the husband's not home, the wife's in the kitchen waiting with a ladle. The bell. The wife opens the door, and the husband stands there with a bouquet of red roses in one hand, a cake in the other, and a smile on his face. - Good afternoon, my dear. This is for you. - Oh, my dear. What's the occasion today, your wedding anniversary? - No, I did not. It's that simple. Let's go to the bedroom, huh? - Wait, have some dinner. - Hey, no, we should go. - Have some tea and cake. - Hurry up! - Uh-oh. - What? You see, I can't today. - What are you all plotting? 
<unk> Describe yourself in three words. I didn't understand the question. 
The king had captured an Englishman, a Frenchman, and a Russian, and told them that he would give them a task, the one who would do it best of all - his daughter as wife and half the kingdom as a bonus. The assignment was to put them in a cell for a month and give them a bag of sausages and a shepherd. Whoever can teach the shepherd the most is the winner. It's been a month. There's the skinny Englishman and the fat shepherd. - Well, what did you learn? - Sit or lie down. He's a medium-sized German, and he's a shepherd, he taught me how to sit, how to lie, how to speak, how to support myself. A fat Russian and a skinny dog. The king asks for a demonstration. - The voice. The dog looks at me and says, "Give me a snack". 
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach, but it's through his cock. 
A lonely woman calls an escort service: "Do you have any men who are high?" - Of course I did! - What about pumped up and beautiful? - They all are! - Are the pumps nice and stylish? - There is! - But are there any of these pumped-up, beautiful, stylish people who don't come for long? - There is! - And there are those who don't come for a long, long, long, long time! - Do you have one? - It is! Let's move! Half an hour later. The doorbell is ringing. She opens the door, and there's a pumped-up, beautiful young man, all Cavalli and Gucci, even Brioni socks and stuff. I'm not. They go into the bedroom, she's lying on the bed, and he's throwing flowers, and it starts all over. She's all torn up, her suit's in rags, her shirt's in rags, she's all torn up, she's like, "What are you doing?" Why are you doing this? - Because by the time I'm done, it'll be out of fashion! 
I'm going to get you! Go home now! Mom, are you cold? No, you want to eat! 
The doorbell rings, a small man with a huge drum stands at the door: <unk> Is Ivanov buried here? Man: <unk> It's Ivanov <unk> that's me, but the doctor told me I'll live longer. The man with the drum leaves disappointed. A minute later, the doorbell rings, and the same person says, "Can I leave a drum with you?" 
Class, this is class. There's someone in the back room, messing around, interfering with the classroom. She shouts, "Who's that?" She said, "Earth! - Says who? - Galileo Galilei! - What are you doing? 
A man is asked, "What do you like to do most?" He said, "I love smoking, I fucking love smoking, I'd smoke 24 hours a day, I'd smoke, I'd smoke, I'd smoke, and I wouldn't take a cigarette out of my mouth!" - What else do you like to do? He says, "I love to fuck, I'd fuck 24 hours a day if I could just get in the shit so my head would stick out". - Hey, what's with the head? He says, "I told you I like fucking smoking!" 
A man comes into the psychiatrist's office with something in his teeth. - Oh, and who's coming to see us? The cat? A man crawls into a corner. The doctor gently follows him. The man ran his hand across the stage and crawled to the other corner. "Oh, it must be a hedgehog! You didn't? The turtle? The guy takes the wire out of his mouth and says, "Hey, man, are you gonna let me have the Internet or not?" 
There's a ship at sea. There's an old bearded captain on the bridge, wearing a cap and all the other characteristic attributes, smoking a pipe with gusto. A young man comes along, stands nearby, and starts smoking a pipe. The captain looks at him and says, "What are you smoking, you son of a bitch?" - The tobacco, comrade captain! Here, samosa from home, try it! The captain takes a pipe, pulls it in, lets out a ring of smoke and says, "Oh, shit, you're smoking shit!" - What are you smoking, Comrade Captain? The captain makes a tasty tug, releases a few thick rings, peers in delight And he says, "A real sea wolf only smokes the hair off the lap of the woman he loves!" Now get to your watch, you son of a bitch! Well, the young man was surprised, scratched the back of his head and ran for duty. And two weeks later, after the ship had returned to port and sailed again, we met at the same place again - the captain with the pipe and the young man. Young smokes his pipe, sucks it up, gets the rings out, he's totally high! The captain looks at him and says, "What the hell, what kind of tobacco you got this time?" It's not tobacco, comrade captain, but, as you said, hair from the forehead of the woman you love! You want to try it? The captain takes the tube from the young man, makes a tightening, and suddenly he starts coughing, coughing and wetting! He backs off, wipes his tears, gives the tube back to the kid, and says, "You're taking it up the ass, you son of a bitch!" 
There's a heavy cruiser at sea. On the bridge, the captain is looking at the water through binoculars. Suddenly, he notices a torpedo under the water coming straight for the ship. The captain calls the boatman: "Boatman, go to the hold and distract the crew so that no one panics". The boatman comes down and says to the sailors, "I bet I'll fuck the fucking wall and the ship will crash? The team agrees. Bozeman pulls out his dick, bangs it against the wall. I'm going to the bathroom. The cruiser is in pieces. Amidst the wreckage and human remains, a surviving boatman is holding onto a life raft. The captain comes up to him and says, "Well, you're a fool, and you're a bastard, Boatman!" My torpedo is gone! 
The man went bear hunting. Found a burrow, fired a shotgun, went in and there was a live bear. - What man tried to kill me? - I did. It's... It's... - Well, then you can either delay or fuck off. The man thought about it and agreed to the second. The bear fucked him off, the man went back to the village, got a better rifle and more bullets, went back to the stable and shot the whole thing. He climbs in and there's the same bear alive and it's all happening again. A very angry man returns home, takes the grenades, the machine gun returns to the bunker throws grenades, shoots from the machine gun. He comes back in, and there's a bear in the smoke, and he's like, "Man, I don't know, are you a hunter or a faggot?" 
Two bear hunters are meeting. A seasoned and young rookie. The old man stutters and tells the new man, "When you go into the woods, don't be afraid". You're going to a no-bedroom, Mr. Chief. You go into a no-show, you don't have to be afraid. You're gonna be all right from there. You're gonna kick his ass and kick his ass! - Wait, where do I get shit? - I'll do it, as long as you're not afraid. 
There's a homeless guy sitting by the train station. A new Russian comes in, sees this painting, well, his heart jumps, he walks up to the homeless guy, throws him 100 bucks and gets in the car. Before he gets in, a limousine pulls up and Putin comes out. Vladimir Vladimirovich approaches the homeless man and shouts: <unk> Tolyan! Hi, how are you? Where did he go? Let's have dinner tonight! Tolya replies to him: <unk> Not Volodya, I can not. I'm working, let's do it at night. Well, they made a deal, Putin got in the car and drove away. The new Russian is in shock! Suddenly a second limousine arrives, from which Lukashenko comes out and shouts to the homeless man: <unk> Tolya, hello! How's it goin'? Where did he go? Let's have dinner tonight! Tolya says: <unk> I can't today, I made an agreement with Putin, can we do it tomorrow? Well, they made a deal. The new Russian, meanwhile, has dropped to zero. He walks up to the homeless man and asks, "How do you know these people, you're a homeless man?" I don't know any of them! Do you know the Pope? I know. The new Russian thought about it and said, "Let's do this: I'll pay for our trip to Rome if I see that If you stand on the balcony with the Pope, I'll give you enough money to feed your grandchildren for 13 generations. Bohm has agreed. The next day they arrived in Rome, in the square outside the Vatican, millions of people, they went to the front lines, the new Russian stayed, and Tolya went. He passed all the guards, he was greeted. The new Russian looks out of the balcony and sees Tolya sitting at the table with the Pope and eating with him. Then they got up and started waving to the people in the square. Suddenly Tolya sees that the new Russian has fainted. The next day they meet, and Tola asks, "Why did you lose consciousness?" <unk> Well, I can understand <unk> Putin, I can understand <unk> Lukashenko, but when the Chinese delegation arrived and asked the guide: <unk> Who is that in white next to Tolik? <unk> 
In a mental hospital, a mad mathematician runs down the hallway and shouts at everyone, "I'll differentiate you all!" Naturally, everyone shivers at him, and only one patient sits quietly in a chair. The mathematician shouts to him, "I'll differentiate you!" And I'm at the x-axis. 
- Would you marry a radical? - For what? 
The granddaughter comes home and says to the grandmother, "We had sex in class today! When the grandmother heard this, she immediately ran to his mother and said, "Do you know that your son is studying in class?" - Of course it's in their curriculum. An hour later, the grandmother comes to the granddaughter's room, sees him jerking off, and says to him: "Let's go to lunch, then you can finish your homework". 
There was a magician on one ship. Since the passengers were constantly changing, he was constantly performing the same tricks. Unfortunately for him, the captain's parrot has seen his performance enough times to know all the secrets. During each performance, the parrot ruined all the tricks by shouting "That's the wrong hat! He's hiding the lady of the peak in his pants pocket! There's a hole in the box! I'm not going to. The wizard was angry, but there was nothing he could do, Captain Parrot anyway. One day, the ship was wrecked, and only the magician and the parrot survived and continued to swim in the sea on some board. The magician looked at the parrot in a spiteful way, and the parrot in turn looked at the magician in an unfriendly way. Finally, the parrot couldn't take it anymore. Where's the ship? 
Two elderly prostitutes discussing their retirement. - 9 thousand rubles. - You are. We've been fucking the same shift for 20 years! Hey, when you were sucking dick, did you swallow a dick? - Yeah, why? - So you, fool, for food and calculate! 
There are three girls in the car. One says, "I like fucking athletes". He came running, he fucked fast, he ran fast. - I'm with the military. On the count of one, he came, on the count of two he fucked, on the count of three he left. Number three: "I like fucking Indians". Children of nature. They fuck like animals. The train stopped. The Georgian falls from the shelf: - Allow me to introduce myself - master of sports, Major Chingachguk! 
The Rada is sitting in Ukraine. - The Mosquito is dead? From the audience: - Are you sure? - Well, you can speak Russian. 
Doctor, I broke my leg in two places! Do you remember these places? I did! Don't go there again. 
High in the mountains, a boy asks his Georgian grandfather: "Grandfather, how old are you?" - One hundred and fifty. - Do you smoke or drink? - You bet! I'll never die like this. 
I'm going to the hospital. Hi, there. I'm talking about the barn. Excuse me, but this is a missile base, you've hit the wrong place! No, you fucking didn't! 
A man went hunting with his dog. I shot a duck, it fell in the pond. The dog ran across the water, picked up the duck, and returned to its owner. The man's lost his mind. Shoot another duck, same old story. The man took a friend on his next hunt. I shot the duck, the dog ran across the water again. The friend frowned for a long time, and then he shouted, "I understand! She can't swim! 
- Sergei is ambidextrous! - Who is it? - Sergei, please! 
Two friends are dating. How are you? I have a new boyfriend. Such a handsome macho. This is amazing! He's got a Bentley, he picks me up from work every night, and we go to a nightclub. This is amazing! Besides, Edward already bought us plane tickets to Las Vegas next week. This is amazing! What's new with you? Yes, I'm taking a course in manners. What do they teach you? Today, for example, we learned to say "awesome" instead of "fuck". 
A model girl and a model guy got married. First wedding night, they're in bed for half an hour, an hour. Boy: Katy, I don't understand something, but will someone fuck us? 
The nurse is running a patient card. - Married? - I did. For the second time. - Do you have children? - Six of them. Two from the first husband, two from the second. And two of mine. 
Tell me about yourself. Well, I'm lazy and I like to eat. I don't want to talk about it anymore. I'm going to eat. 
A hunter is going to hunt in the taiga, he doesn't know the terrain, he takes a guide from the locals, they go through the taiga <unk> the conductor in front, cuts through the wood with a long-handled axe, the hunter follows with a rifle, breathing in the back... You're waiting for a bear to meet you. The conductor stops with the axe raised, the bear stops too, the conductor, without turning, says "Come here"... Behind the silence, he repeats again, "Come here!" It's quiet again, he's whispering for the third time: "Come here, FUCK!" Behind him, a hunter's voice a half tone lower: "What the fuck are you calling him?" 
A text from his wife, his mistress: "I just bought my husband new panties. If you're with him, check it out". A text from a mistress to her wife: "There, in your new panties, in your pocket, "Rafaello" is for you". 
On New Year's Eve, the poor boy was so disgusted, he wrote a letter to Santa Claus saying he was very He's freezing and wants Santa Claus to give him a hat, a scarf and warm gloves for the New Year. The post office saw this letter. They opened it and took pity on the boy. They collected as much money as they could and bought a hat and a scarf, but they didn't have enough money for gloves. And sent a present from Santa. The next New Year, the boy wrote another letter to Santa Claus: Thank you, I got your gift - a hat and a scarf, and the gloves were probably stolen in the mail. 
Gentlemen, how many times have I asked you, if you play at a funeral, at least make sad faces. Nikolai, this concerns you first! I did! And why were you clapping? I left the plates at home. 
Chukcha is a medical graduate and is doing cavity surgery. - The scalpel! The tampon! Pull it! There you go again. 
The girl stayed home alone and started playing the piano. He plays and plays, and suddenly he sees a hairy finger sticking out of him. She told her mother what had happened, and her mother said, "Don't play the piano, daughter. In the morning, the mother left and the girl started playing again. He sees two hairy fingers sticking out. On the evening of the second day, her mother again says: "Don't play the piano! Again, the mother left, and the girl started playing again. Three hairy fingers and a tongue sticking out. The girl looks inside the piano and there's a chimpanzee sitting there, writhing. 
Send Gal and Vanya to the forest for mushrooms. Go away and Vanka let's go to Gale to the object of love and affection. And Galya's not going to any. And I have to tell you that Galya is a tall, fat girl, and Vanya is a meter in the jump with a hat. But he's persistent! So Galya decided to freeze him for good. He says, "Vanya, I'll give it to you". Look at that. I can't do it on my back, I can't do it on my dress, my mom can do it on my boots, I can't do it on my knees. Let's do it this way. It's standing or not. And Vanka agrees with you! He took off his belt, put Gale on his knees, stuck Gale in a pine tree, climbed on the belt with his feet, and how he fried, that even the bumps spilled! Galya is stunned, silent and at the peak of pleasure whispers: <unk> Oh, Vanuschenka, the lieutenant has made you wise. And out of the bushes comes a voice, "I've never seen anything like this before". 
The Pope is dying. At the gates of Paradise, Peter meets him. - What's your name? "Who are you?" asks Peter. - I am the Pope! "Daddy, Daddy", Peter whispers to himself, "I'm sorry, but the Pope of Rome is not on my list. - But I was God's deputy on earth! - Does God have a deputy on earth? "I don't know anything about that, " Peter replied. - I am the head of the Catholic Church! - The Catholic Church? Never heard of it. Wait, I'll ask the Chief. "Boss", Peter asks God, "does this freak claiming to be your successor on earth, the Pope, mean anything to you?" 'No,' God answers, 'but wait, let's ask Jesus himself. God and Peter explain the situation to Jesus. "Wait here, " Jesus said", and I will speak to him". Ten minutes later, Jesus comes back laughing his ass off. - Remember that fishing club I started 2,000 years ago? It still exists! 
The hedgehog runs through the forest, rejoicing in life, the beauty around <unk> the birds sing, the grass is green, the flowers are all around, the sun is shining. Picked a bunch of flowers, kept running. Suddenly he sees a mouse under a tree, all in tears, ears down, in short, in a feeling of distress. Why are you so sad? Look how fucked up everything is, don't cry, you're wearing flowers! Why do I need flowers? Just like that, I like you, I want to cheer you up, cheer you up, all that stuff. Just like that? That's a trick, right? ♪ No, from the heart, take, they say! The mouse takes the bouquet: I don't know. It sure is nice, thank you, hedgehog. But just in case. Fuck you! 
I found 100 rubles in my winter jacket! No matter what you say, you're working in the closet. 
The man caught a goldfish. So he makes a wish for his dick to grow all the time. In short, he's not happy to be alive. Life's a bitch, you can't get away from a chick. He gets plastic surgery once a year. He lived and died. The relatives cried, buried him. A year from now, a dick will come out of the grave. Well, it's uncomfortable, the shame sticks out of the ground, it's cut, and then it's cut again. So the next of kin came and cut the guy up and reburied him upside down. Five years later, Manhattan is cracking and he's climbing out. That's right, fuck! They cut it down, and it grows back. The town hall is in shock, they're calling a tender to get rid of the plague. The Armenians won the tender by setting up a tent with a shaurma in this place. 
A little boy comes to his father and asks, "Daddy, is the pea growing?" Yes, son, it is growing. You grow, she grows. Why did you ask? Uncle Vova's neighbor came to see my mother yesterday. He gets undressed, he gets on the couch, and his pee keeps growing, growing, growing. And if Mom hadn't pushed her upstairs, she'd probably have grown to the ceiling! 
A man lost in the desert, no food or water. Suddenly he sees the lamp is down. A man wiped the lamp and the genie flew out. And the genie says, "You saved me, I'll do anything you want". The man wanted nothing more than to get out of the desert. When he says to the jinn, " I want to go home. " The jinn said, " Yes, go. " The man said, " I want to hurry. " The jinn said, " Yes, they ran. " 
There's a boy down in the woods. Suddenly, he sees a big, beautiful mushroom growing on the stump. He comes over, reaches out to tear it off, and in his stupid voice says, "Mushroom-o-o-check!" And the mushroom says to him in a human voice, "Don't tear me, boy, I'll grant you any three wishes". - I want to be normal! And then suddenly he becomes normal. He's surprised and shouts, "Fuck off! - Fuck you! He reaches out and says, "Fungus-o-o-check! 
The apostle Peter asked Jesus to take his place at the gate of Paradise. Jesus stands and sees that some soul wants to go to heaven. He grabs her and says, "Who are you?" "I'm a simple carpenter", said the soul, "I'm not famous for anything, but one day I had a son. He came in a strange way. Interested, Jesus stood up. The carpenter continued, "My son was like no one else. He walked in the light and did good deeds, endured great trials, and for this he became famous throughout the world. - My father? "Because of their unbelief", Jesus asked. - The buratin? 
Let's call it what it is. Come on, you little faggot. 
- Mom, mom, buy the kitten! - The seven, no. - Mommy, mommy, you have to buy a kitten! - No, Sam, leave it alone. - Mom, buy yourself a kitten! - The seven! Go sell the kitten to someone else! 
For the holiday of May 9, the veteran was invited to the school to tell about the military exploits during the war. The old man was seated at the table, and with his lips barely moving, he began his story. "I'm in the trench. German planes were flying overhead. I took a shit. Teacher: "No, there are no children. Petr Petrovich meant that he was scared. The old man said, "I was scared then, but now I'm scared shitless! 
A guy finds a horseshoe and he's like, "oh, well, I'll just come home and hang it". He turns it over, and there's a horse. 
The Chukchi shaman started humming in line and missed a couple of drums. 
A young man from the countryside comes to a big city and enters a huge shopping mall to try to get a job there. The manager asks: <unk> Do you have any experience as a salesman? The young man readily replies: "Yes, of course! Where I come from, I was a salesman! The manager clearly liked the young man: <unk> Start working right away. The first day of work was very stressful, but the young man made it. After work, the manager approaches him and asks, "Well, how many people did you have shopping today?" - Just one. - Just one? In our shopping mall, the salesmen handle an average of 20 to 30 purchases a day! I know. And how much did the customer you served leave at our center? - $102,516 and 17 cents. - What? $102,516 and 17 cents? What did you sell him? - First I sold him a small fishing hook, then a medium and then a very large one. Then I sold him the hottest fishing line. When he was packing these groceries, I asked him where he was going to fish. He said he was in the Gulf of Finland. And I told him, "You don't need a boat there". We went down to the boat department and I advised him to buy a twin-engine diesel boat. He liked it, but he doubted that his sports car could tow a boat like that. We went to the DMV, and I told him to get a jeep with a trailer. This is what my first client bought today. The square-eyed manager followed his new salesman's story: That this buyer came to buy a fishing hook, and ended up buying a boat and a jeep with a trailer? - No, no, no. - I know. He came to buy a pack of tampons for his wife. And I told him that if the weekend was going to suck anyway, we should go fishing! 
In the pharmacy. Do you have acetylsalicylic acid? - You mean aspirin? - Yeah, I can't remember that word. 
A boy comes home and complains to his mother: "Mom, everyone says my face looks like an ass". - You are lying, son. Go ask your father. He's in the room. A little boy comes up to his dad and says, "Dad, all the boys say I have a face like an ass. - You are lying, son. Go ask your grandfather. He's cleaning the well. The son goes to the well and shouts down, "Grandpa, grandpa". Grandpa looks up and yells, "Don't shoot!" 
A woman comes into a store and buys one banana and one condom. The next day he comes back and buys one banana and one condom. It's been a month. Well, one day she bought a banana and two condoms. The saleswoman asks her, "Did you finally find the guy?" - No, my friend is coming. 
- What? Forty, Vasily Ivanovich! I'm not going to die! What's forty? What about the instruments? 
A bus full of tourists has been on the road for several hours, the air conditioning doesn't work. Maybe somebody really messed up the air. The eyes of the people are burning, the people are screaming in anger, "Give us this bastard, we'll tear him to pieces". A man of solid appearance stands up and says, "Don't worry, I'm a hereditary psychic, and I'll figure out this creep easily". I just need a thread that's long enough for the whole bus. The people got in trouble, got a thread somewhere. Psychic: <unk> Now pull the thread from the beginning to the end of the cabin and everyone grab the thread. Is everybody in? I'm going to go. The one who blew it, did he take it? - I know. 
In Tambov restaurants, instead of tipping, customers just don 't finish their portions. 
We've got the Russian, the faggot and the hohol. To get off the island, the cannibals give them a choice: Thirty years. Two million dollars. Anal sex with the whole tribe 3. To eat a sack of salt Russian without talking gave the money, gave him a kayak and he sailed away. The faggot says, "Well, I'm not fucking used to it! I'm not going to. Then they gave him a raft and he swam away. Hohol says, "Pull the bag of salt! "He ate half, he can't eat any more. He says, "Okay, give me a buzz. "Half the tribe has passed through it, and no one can say, 'Let's make salt.' "Eat some more, shouts, 'No, fuck you! He's got a couple of other people coming through and he's like, "All right, all right, all right, you've fucked me for money. 
There's a passenger on the plane who's vomiting. They all laugh. The stewardess sees that it's about to flow over the edge of the package and runs after the second one. When she comes back, she finds everyone throwing up and one laughing. She says, "What's the matter?" - They thought I was gonna spill, and I took it and I blew it. 
A woman comes out of the store, all tired, thinking about work and family. He says, "Yes, I bought milk, bread, tea, sausage. "Suddenly, out of the bushes, an exhibitionist appears, uncovers his cloak, and there is only a naked body! She looked at him and said, "Wow! I forgot to buy eggs! 
A man goes to the doctor and says, "Doctor, I think I have a parasite in my stomach". Well, he's had an X-ray, and everything says he's a parasite. So the doctor says, "To get it out, you need to go on a diet". For a month, eat only a portion of pasta and sausage every day, drink it with a glass of water, and then eat it with a bun. The man leaves, comes back a month later and says, "Doctor, I did everything you said, what now?" - Now let's eat. After they've had a bowl of pasta and sausage and a glass of water, the doctor says out loud, "That's it. Suddenly, a worm comes out of the man's mouth and says, "Where's the muffin?" 
Cop pulls up a black Mercedes with tinted windows. She walks up to the front passenger door, which has a sliding window, puts her head in, and the window goes up. The driver gets out of the car, walks over and takes off his trash pants, fucks him in the ass, gets back in, releases the mint and drives off. The cop panics, runs to his partner at the post and yells, "You got the number, you got the number?" - I've never seen anything like it in the circus. 
"Grandfather Frost, get out of here! " were the children dancing around the toilet. 
♪ No, Santa, no, Santa, no, Santa, not to me! 
The two young hussars met: How's it going? What's up? I'm going to the fucking prom. Thus was born the famous Russian saying "from the ship to the ball". 
There's an English lord sitting on his estate. Calling the butler. - Barrymore, take the binoculars and look in the opposite window. What do you see? - Your wife, sir. The naked one. - What else do you see? - Her lover, sir, is also naked. - That's right. Now go down to the basement and get your hunting rifle. Barrymore's bringing the gun. - Now, Barrymore, I want you to work for me as a killer. How much do you charge for your services? - A thousand pounds for the shot, sir. - That's great. Shoot my wife in the head and her lover in the dick. Barrymore gets up to the window and takes a long shot. It's not firing. The Lord couldn't take it anymore and said, "Come on, Barrimore, why don't you shoot?" - Relax, my lord, I'm trying to save you a thousand pounds. 
2:00 a.m., Sarah pushes her husband to the side. Abram, in his family panties up to his knees, with his hair in a bun, puts on his glasses: What's the matter, man? - Abracha, in the glass of water, give me your teeth. I want to be passionate today, I want to bite! 
A drunken Lieutenant Rzhevsky breaks into the Officers' Club: "Gentlemen, have you ever thought about the etymology of the word'moisture tank'? If it's derived from "humid", "wet", it's a characteristic by outward signs. And if from "to put", "to put" (a member, of course), then this is the essential characteristic! Lieutenant, you're the girl from the English class again? I wish you'd stop. If you can't think of an etymology, don't bother. 
There's a toilet clogged in one apartment. The locksmith is here. He's been at it for a long time, he comes out angry and asks the tenants, "Do you shit in there?" 
Dancing at the country club. Two girls approach a middle-aged man. - Oh, you're not from around here! - I'm from here. - Why don't we know you? - Hey, you guys! You just don't remember me. I went to prison when you were very young. I just got out. - Oh, what'd they put you in for? - Oh, the girls. Drunken wife with an axe. The girl grabs her friend's hand, pulls her aside, and whispers in her ear, "Candle!" The bachelor! 
The village, the collective farm. The building of the village council, the general meeting of the village residents, the workers of the collective farm, the chairman speaks, etc. I know. And then he says: "And now the tribune will be our collective farm cleaner Peter with his personal translator! The janitor comes out, and there's a man with him. The janitor says, "Fuck you, fuck you, and fuck you, fuck you". You motherfucker! Translation: "Everyone shits when it's clean, and no one likes it when it's dirty". It hurts! 
A man woke up in a cemetery early this morning, it was still dark. Walking through the cemetery, sees the gravedigger digging a hole, well, he thinks, let me scare him, comes up behind: "Uh-uh-uh", the gravedigger goes on digging, not paying attention, "Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh", the gravedigger has zero reaction, the digger is not distracted. The man waved his hand and went to the door. At the gates, the gravedigger catches up with him, bangs him on the head with a shovel, and with a finger, says: "Go to the cemetery, but do not go outside the territory! 
Was it you who threw a condom out the window 42 years ago? Yeah, well, there was a case. Dad, I'm back! I'm going to the movies! 
A man came to South Africa during apartheid. Decided to go to the theater. I went to the ticket office and said, "Please give me your ticket". Is this your first time in South Africa? Yeah, how did you know? Yeah, at the ticket booth, only black people get tickets, and white people get tickets from the manager. Man to administrator: <unk> Please give me a ticket to the loft! Is this your first time in South Africa? Yeah, how did you know? We only let niggers get tickets to the penthouse. White people get tickets to the attic and the lounge. The man bought a ticket to the loft. Sel's watching a play. He wanted to pee. He says, "Where's the bathroom?" Is this your first time in South Africa? Yeah, how did you know? Yeah, only black people pee in our bathroom, and white people pee in the basement, because it's all black people. A man got up, started pissing on the floor. A disgruntled voice from the counter: <unk> Is this your first time in South Africa? Yeah, how did you know? Why do you always piss on me? You spray, you spray! 
An ant is fucking an elephant under a palm tree, and then the wind blows, and the elephant's coconut falls on his head. It hurts! What? Can I pull it out? 
One day, the disciples were fishing on the beach. The Master came. - He doesn't? He asked. "It doesn't", the students said with a sigh. "No", said the Master. Fish don't have beaks. 
The Russian and the American went to hell. The devil asks them, "Which hell are you going to, Russian or American?" - What difference does it make? - In American you have to eat a bucket of shit every day, and in Russian two. The American chose the American, and the Russian thought, "I've lived in Russia all my life, why change? "They meet in a month. The Russian says, "How are you?" - Great, I ate a bucket of shit this morning and I'm off for the day. How about you? - And as always, there's not enough bucket for everyone. 
I'll never forget when I was a child, my father called me one day and said, "Son, I'm your father and I called you. 
Tell me, Sergei, how did you know there was a stranger in the apartment? It's not in my family to fuck me from behind with a stool over my head! 
<unk> Once on this mountain, on this trail, a few climbers climbed and no one ever saw them again. Where did they go? He knows him, son. 
There's a crippled boy with no legs watching TV. - Dad, can you turn on the cartoons? Go get it, switch it yourself - But I don't have a knife! - No knives or cartoons. 
- My children, whoever curses the mat, the fucking cadillac. - Dad, you said fuck off! - Fuck you with a Cadillac, you son of a bitch! 
- Doctor, when my arm is back, can I play the violin? - Yes, of course! - That's cool, I couldn't do that before. 
Vova brings her father the diary. Father: Why do you get a B in gymnastics when you're such an athletic, fit boy? Dad, my gym teacher said, "Lift your leg", and I lifted it. "Lift the other". I said, "Am I gonna stand on my dick? "and he gave me an A. Father: <unk> Are you really on your dick? That's my boy, you did the right thing, man! On the second day, Vovochka brings the diary to her father. Father: Why do you get a B in math, you're such a smart boy? Dad, my math teacher says, "What's two times three?" I said, "Six". He said, "What about three against two? I said, "What the fuck difference does it make?" "and he gives me a C in the diary. Father: <unk> Really, what the fuck difference, good job my boy, did the right thing, go for a walk. On the third day, Vovochka gets an A in literature. Father: <unk> Vovochka, why a B in literature, you are such a well-read boy? Dad, my literature teacher told me to write a poem about a rooster, so I wrote a poem about a rooster, a golden crested rooster, who gets up early in the morning and keeps the children awake. That's what a dick is". It's true, son, if you don't let your children sleep, you're a smart boy. Go for a walk. Next day: "Dad, I got kicked out of school. Why? I'm called to a teacher's conference, and I go into the teachers' lounge, and there's a teacher of math, science, literature and art. Wait, what about the fucking drawings? So I say to them, "What the fuck is an art teacher? 
A woman in a small town can't find a hotel, she's stuck in one, busy in another. In the next room, they tell her there's no room, there's a man in a double room, if you agree with him, you can stay. The woman goes to the hammer in the room, and he sits on the bed and plays on the organ - ding, ding, ding. She said, "Young man, can I sleep on the second bed in your house? There's no room in the hotels". Chucky nods his head in agreement. A woman is getting ready for bed, she's chuckling, she's ding, ding, ding, ding. - Young man, I beg you, please, your head is splitting, could you stop? Chukcha stopped playing, sits on the bed, silently looking at the woman. The woman gets ready for bed, starts to undress. Chukcha, without taking his eyes off her, looks at her. She's taking off her dress. He's watching with his eyes closed. A woman pulls her stockings. Chuccha keeps an eye on you. - What do you want? A nod of approval. - Come on, just once and really fast. - Keep going! 
Two photonic Jews are flying. - What is it? 
There's a composer at home. There's no work. There is no money. Crisis... and there's the call. Listen, I need some ink for the end credits. Can you make something simple? The premiere is in two weeks already, I'm dying, save me! I'm not going to let you go. Just tell me what the movie's about so I don't miss the musical theme. There's no music in it! I just need the theme for the credits. Imagine a leaf falling from a dry tree, zigzagging slowly onto wet asphalt, and as soon as it hits the ground, your theme and subtitles begin. I'll see you later. I'll do it in a week! And the composer started with "the hunger spirit" and created incredibly beautiful, wonderful music <unk> even now at the Oscars. I sent it to the director. He said everything was fine, and invited me to the premiere... Comes the composer <unk> the hall is empty. Except there's an elderly couple sitting on the balcony, both well over 80. Well, the composer thinks, a clear case <unk> drama nowadays is not in price, no one except old men are interested. He sits down, the lights go out, and it's like... in the middle of nature, a man is fucking a chick with big, basketball-sized tits. Then a couple more came, changed... then more niggers, cripples, dwarfs... all this shit doesn't fit on the screen! Then the dog came running! First the dog gets everyone, then everyone fucks the dog... and then the camera takes a close-up, hits dry land. tree, on a leaf, the leaf breaks off and slowly zigzags to the ground, sounds unearthly, wonderful theme and subtitles go. The lights come on... the composer sits in shock, red as a tomato with shame: "Oh, fuck, the director, oh, fuck! What people will think of me! "He gets up from his seat, and with these thoughts, he walks out the door, and he notices that the elderly couple, He's sitting there in his pre-heart attack state, looking at him... and he can't think of anything better to say than, "The music is mine! And they keep staring at the blank screen with their glass eyes, and they say, "And the dog is ours!" 
Bought two dozen horses. Brought her home, examined her and noticed she was thin, a bag of bones. We decided to stick a tube up her ass and blow it. One blows, blows, tired: Give, I am tired, your turn is on! The second guy pulls a tube out of his ass and sticks it in the other end: "Givi, are you making a shield?" I'm barking up the wrong tree! 
They gave a vase to a turkey for his birthday. He turns her upside down and says, "That's a bad vase. He turns around and says, "There's no fucking bottom!" 
The first humans land on Mars. And they're exploring the area, and they're going down into some valley, and one of the astronauts says excitedly, "Oh, the oxygen detectors are showing oxygen!" Maybe the atmosphere here is breathable. The second one says, "Let's see. If the match is burning, you can breathe. He takes out a matchbox, takes out a match, but before he can light it, a blue Martian jumps out of the boulder and shouts, "No! No, I did not! "by showing everyone their face so they wouldn't light the match. The astronaut panics, throws the match, and the native hides. What was that? "What's your name?" asks a fellow astronaut. I don't know. There could be combustible gases in the atmosphere, everything could blow up. Maybe he wants to warn us? They're running the analyzer, but they're not finding anything dangerous. "I'll try anyway", says the second astronaut, and pulls out a match again. Out of the surrounding boulders, a whole tribe of Martians, led by a bright blue leader, come out and shout "no! "waving her arms and looking at me with a pleading look. "Maybe the soil here is made of combustible materials and they're afraid of fire", says the first. <unk> Here, the same soil as at the planting site, <unk> objects the second. It didn't catch fire from the engines. And the astronauts decide to finish the experiment anyway. The second man resolutely takes out the third match and lights it, despite the protests of the aborigines. The match is on, nothing terrible is happening. The Aborigines, with a disappointed sigh, turn and leave. Whoa! <unk> The astronaut shouts after him, <unk> Why couldn't you light a match? The chief turns around and says, "It's Shabbat, you idiots!" 
A man rides a camel through the desert. The camel barely moves, and then it stops. The man grabbed him by the collar and dragged him. He's dragging, dragging, he sees some construction in the desert. A man comes and says to the builders, "That's the problem, the camel won't ride". - Put it on the overpass. The man took the camel to the overpass. The builder took two bricks and how will hit the camel from both sides on the balls. The roaring camel disappears into a cloud of dust. - Get on the stage. 
The sergeant goes to the company commander and says: "Comrade Captain, it seems that we have a faggot in the company! What makes you say that? And when I sucked the chief, he had a fucking shit smell! 
- Sarah, are you going to the bathroom? - No, I did not. - Then I'll wash it off. 
There's an all-Russian contest of questionable jokes going on. There's the host, the judges, and the storytellers. The host asks, "What's your joke about?" - About the Russian roads. - Are you the driver? - Yeah, how did you know? - So you came by car. That man was a B-category driver. 
A man comes to work with a finger. The staff asks, where are you from? And he says, "Yeah, I went to the movies yesterday, and there was a woman sitting in front of me. And when the movie was over, she stood up, and I noticed that her dress was stuck up her ass. Well, I did and I pulled it off. She turned around and broke into me. Comes back the next day with two fingers. The staff wonder where the second one came from. - Yes, I went to the movies with a friend again. And the same woman sat in the front again. The movie ended, she got up, and the dress got stuck up her ass again. Well, my friend took it and pulled it out. And I told him, "She doesn't like it", and I shoved it back. 
A magician comes to set up the circus. The director says, "How many tricks do you know?" - Just one. - That's not enough. There's a crowd in the arena, and they're rolling a tray of shit into the center of the arena. On the ropes, the chan is lifted under the circus dome. At this time, the lights go out, the lamps only illuminate this bowl. And then the jug suddenly turns over, pouring the women and children with fecal masses. - So what's the trick? - As the crowd shakes off, the lights begin to shine in the center of the arena. And then I come out in a white tuxedo. 
They're sitting there drinking German, French and Russian. After the first drink they start bragging, the German starts: "Yes, we have the best car industry in Germany! We have the best perfume in France. The Russian, not knowing what to brag about, says, "But I have 14 parrots on my cock! Then the second German says, "We have a good car industry, but not the best". - And our perfume is really something. Russian: - And I have at least 14 parrots fits, but they all crammed, tightly sitting All already in the trash. The German says, "We have a shit car!" - We have no perfume! Russian: - And I have at least 14 parrots and fits, and they all clutch together, but the last one's leg is a little bit hanging 
The tractor is driven by the chairman of the collective farm and, in fact, by a tractor driver. It's a long drive. The day is coming. It's the middle of the night. The chairman wakes up in the morning, looks, and the tractor driver is just nothing. Your eyes are closing, you're tired. He thinks we should help the poor man at the expense of the collective farm. They drive, they drive, they look, they stand on the side of the road. The chairman says, "Hey, Petrovich, stop it. - Why? - I can see you're no good, you need to rest. - Ivan, if Zinka finds out, he'll throw you out of the house! - Who's going to tell her? This phrase seemed extremely convincing to Petrovich. It stops. Good afternoon, priestesses of love. - Hi, boys. How are you? - How much? - How much? - Suck on the tractor. 
There's a man on the train. In front of him, a neighbor picks up a banana, saltes it, and throws it out the window. Gets another banana, does the same thing. The man didn't understand anything, but when the neighbor took out the banana again, salted it, and threw it out the window, he dared to ask, "Excuse me, but what are you doing?" Why are you throwing it away? - You know I hate salted bananas. 
The king calls a Frenchman, a German and a Ukrainian, and says: "It's time for my three daughters to get married. Here is a man who can ride a horse through the land of the king, and the land will be his as a faithful servant. The Frenchman came. And she ran and came down from the horse, and said, We have enough for the vineyard, and for the vineyard, and for the house. We'll have some for our kids too! A German came by. He rode for two hours, got off his horse and said, "We have enough for the brewery, the pig farm and the house. There's enough for all of us, our children and grandchildren! It's the Ukrainian's turn now. He got on a horse, he rode for an hour, second, third, fourth horse couldn't stand it, fell. He got off his horse and ran! I ran, I ran, I was tired, I couldn't pee! In exhaustion, he falls, throws his hat forward and shouts: "Ah, that's a pied pomodoro!" 
A knight comes to Nostradamus, speaks ill, describes the symptoms of syphilis and asks for help. Nostradamus thinks about it, then says, "You should find a 100-year-old girl and sleep with her for a week". Where would I find one? That's your problem. A knight went on a search and did find a 100-year-old virgin in a remote monastery. He slept with her for a week and got better. He came to Nostradamus, thanking him: "Great, you saved me! But what's the secret? I don't know what the secret is. But in 400 years, they'll call it penicillin. 
Drunk man fell in the pool last night. He opens his eyes, he sees the stars. He rolls over and sees the stars again. "What the hell", he thinks, "you've been in space and you've got nothing to eat! <unk> 
Dear experts, the question is asked by Valerchik from the district. Attention on the screen: And the whores? The minute's up. 
<unk> The People Against Toilet Humor case is on. The defendant has the floor. ♪ In your mouth, g-g-g-g-g-g 
You know what women say when they see a big dick? - No, I did not. 
Mother comes home from work and steps into the kitchen with bags of groceries. In the kitchen, my son is sitting on the floor by the open fridge eating frozen dumplings. Mother to son: <unk> Would you even cook them? Who's high? Did I get high? 
- Does the defendant have an alibi? - What? - The case is closed. 
God called three Georgians to him and said, "I have an assignment for you. Whoever fulfills it first, I'll fulfill any wish. And they don't understand a word of Hebrew. We just stood there and went back. 
Do you, Demetrius, take Catherine to be your wife? - I know. Do you agree, Ekaterina, to take Dmitry as your husband and establish "Yandex. Browser and all its components? 
An eight-year-old girl runs to her father in tears. Dad, in the hallway, a man grabbed me, pulled my dress, pulled my panties down. Go tell your mother, or I'll have an erection. 
A man called a prostitute. A little girl comes in and starts undressing. The man says, "Hey, girl, how old are you?" 13 years. I sent Nahu from there! Oh, oh, how superstitious we are... 
There's an old oriental sage sitting on top of a mountain. He's been sitting for fifty years, eating whatever he wants, reaching enlightenment, clearing his chakras. It's a beautiful day, the sun is shining, the wind is beating the grass. Suddenly, a young man comes out of nowhere. Oof, I barely got you, Wise One! You're sitting up here and you don't know what's going on down there, the chaos, the war, the anarchy, the death! Only your wisdom can help us, help us, guide us to the right path. The wise man smiled, as if he had remembered the enlightenment, and said: "Yes, of course, I'll help, you just have to take it first and... " <unk> Suddenly the man laughed, <unk> "Yes, of course I'll help!" You made me laugh! We're all down the road, we're all better than ever, except you, you asshole, you're sitting here all by yourself killing flesh, you fucking helper! Oh, my God! See you! And still giggling, he turned and disappeared downstairs. Then it was quiet again. It's a beautiful day, the sun is shining, the wind is beating the grass. Wise man, thoughtful and penetrating: 
- Dad, let's buy the Govorun, let's buy the Govorun, please! - Well, all right. Two roasted Govoruns, please, and a hundred grams of vodka. 
Putin gathered the deputies in the Duma and said: <unk> Russians! Are we a great people? I'm not going to let this happen. Then let's nuke the US with a missile! Well, let's have a scare. They took warheads from old Soviet warehouses, rolled them up to the proton with an insulator. Where do we launch it? To the State Department! Why the State Department? We don't know any other places in America. They wrote "To the State Department" on the missile, they piled up the whole Duma, they launched the missile... ...In short, the local Armageddon: smoke, fire, everyone is falling... Putin without a leg, without an arm, looks around: <unk> Fuck me... I imagine what is happening in the State Department. 
Two men come to the races. Started thinking about what horse to bet on. Suddenly, an unknown grandfather approaches them and intriguedly offers, "It's none of my business, of course, but if I were you, I would bet on a horse named Lordic. The men looked at each other. They don't know which horse to bet on anyway. Lordic, this is Lordic. We bet on Lordic, and Isyum came first. The next race. The men were rubbing their beards and thinking again about which horse to bet on. Here comes the same old man again with a crazy intrigue, looking around with a tail again - I'm sorry, it's none of my business, but if I were you, I'd bet on Bouquet. The men looked at each other again, shrugged their shoulders, and placed the bouquet on top of the other. You've lost all your money. The men, with their last pennies, decided to get drunk. One says to the other, "Look, here's $10. No, not anymore. Go get some vodka and burgers. After a while, the driver comes back with a Pepsi and some cakes. The first one says, "What the fuck did you bring?" Didn't I send you for the vodka? - That one. I met your grandfather. 
The old Jew dies, with his last breath, "Where is my wife?" - I'm right here, honey! - Where are my children? - We are here, Dad! - Are my grandchildren here? - Right here, grandfather! - Why is the kitchen light on? 
A leech calls on another's phone. She answers the phone: - What? Am I interrupting you? 
The robber called Eli Muromets' father a faggot and broke his dick. My father, of course, complained to Ilyus. Let them both go to Solovye and sort it out. There you go. Elijah calls Saul and asks him: 'Do you know who I am? - I know. You are Ilya Muromets, the Russian hero. - Who's that? <unk> asks Elijah, pointing to his father. - This is an old faggot! "Swallow and dick", he says, "beats his father in the fuck". Elijah was furious: "You must not have understood! Do you know who I am? - I know. You are Ilya Muromets, the Russian hero, who defeated the Immortal Kashya. - Who's that? - This one? He's a local motherfucker, and he's gonna fuck his father again. Elijah blushed in anger and said: "You fool! I mean, look at me. What am I? - Ilya Muromets, the Russian hero, defeated the Immortal, cut off the head of the Mountain Snake. - Now look at him. Who is he? - You motherfuckers! And then he hits his father again. The father pulls Ilya by the sleeve: "Ilya, let's get the fuck out of here, I'm fucking such a mess! 
Grandson, what's the name of that nice German who drives me crazy? I have Alzheimer's, and my grandmother has Alzheimer's. 
- Nikolai Petrovich, can I have two strong boys? - Sure, you have something heavy to move? - I did. The parting. 
The student asks, "Which is better for you, December 31 or girls?" - It is New Year's! - What's wrong? - It's just, it happens a lot more often. 
Santa's coming down the Tver. The prostitutes. One of them comes up and says, "Hello, Grandpa". - Hi, granddaughter, with your arrival, I just don't have a present. - It's all right, grandfather. But I have one for you. He unzips his collar and starts doing faces. - Ah, wow, good, just keep your throat warm. 
New Year's Eve, all the children are running around the Christmas tree, unpacking the presents, a boy with no arms and no legs crawls hard, tears the gift with his teeth, and there's a rope again... 
Winnie-the-Pooh and Little Bird are coming through the woods. Winnie, Winnie, where are we going? - What if they run away? - I'll fucking run away from you! 
- What are you in for? - He told a joke. - What about you? - I heard a joke. - What about you? - For being lazy! I was at a party. One of them told a joke. I go home and I think, what do I bring now or tomorrow morning? Well, I guess I'll have time in the morning. They took it at night! 
Two Jews in a cafe ordered one fish for two. Monja's trying to figure out how to turn the plate so that it's headed closer to where the meat is. Abrasha, could you, as a philosopher, take the world and turn it 180 degrees like this plate? So he takes the plate and turns it 180 degrees, with the fish's head towards him. Monja, are you a philosopher? No, not at all. I'm not a philosopher. So let the peace remain in its place! And Abracha is turning the plate back. 
British scientists crossed crab sticks and got crab crosses. 
I won a lottery once. They send him prizes: TV, radio and canned goods. I put the whole thing on hold and decided to take a break. It turns on the TV and the TV turns on the B. The V. Putin is saying something on channel one. He tapped the hammer all over the V channels. The V. This is Putin. Turned off the TV, turned on the radio, and there's V. The V. Putin's saying something all over the air. He turned off the ham radio, thought and thought and didn't open the ham cans. 
A woman plays with her one-year-old in the nursery and is jealous of him. sleep, wake up, eat, play, poop and go back to sleep... It's my day off! 
Chukcha and his pregnant wife in the maternity ward on a boat. A woman on a paddle. And the boy sits and thinks, looking at his wife: "She's good - row yourself and row, and I have to think how to live on" 
He walks into a TV store and says, "Do you have color TVs?" The salesman says, "Yes, I have some". - Then give me the green one. 
The winter. The year is 1918. Three men are racing across a wide snow-covered field. Hat on the side, hump on the side, red beak. He drives up to the house, runs into the room and yells at his wife, "Kwassu! The wife quickly brings the kvass, the man drinks it and shouts in a voice not his own: "Cancer! The wife, in fear, undresses, turns into a cancer, and asks: "What happened? The husband, without answering, fucks his wife and, after taking a breath, shouts: "Kwassu! My wife's bringing the kvass again. The man drinks the cheese and shouts, "Cancer!" A wife obeys her husband's commands. After screwing his wife, the exhausted man falls on the bed. - What happened? - asks the surprised wife. - I saw Lenin! - says the man cheerfully. 
Two alcoholics are arguing in a diner. - He doesn't. The correct word is "croft"! At the next table, the lovely girl can't stand it anymore, so she starts talking. What are you doing? The correct word would be "frrructus"! The first drunk: She's right! Two: "Fuck that bald guy!" She didn't hear the elephant fart! 
Grandpa and Grandson: <unk> Grandpa, when was your first kiss? In the war, grandson. With a tongue? Shut up, you little brat! You don't get to choose in a war! 
The war, the trenches, the sound of bullets. One of the soldiers had a bigger idea: "Men, I can't hold it, I'm going to hit you right here!" What are you, a fucking idiot? We'll be on the attack soon and we'll be running on your shit and messing it up! Climb into the next ditch and shit. Pushed him out of the trench. 10 minutes out, 20 minutes in. Half an hour later, they took off their helmets and figured out what killed the fighter. A few minutes later, he comes crawling in, happy, happy, smiling all over. Where have you been? Guys, you're not going to believe this. There's a woman in the next ditch! We've been together for a long time. Front and back, top and bottom! The men are sitting there, drooling, their cheeks burning, asking, "What's that in your mouth?" Guys, I'm not fucking around. She didn't have a head. 
What's your name? I'm not sure. Do you have children? Yes, the son of Basil and the daughter of Basilis! Do you have any pets? The cat Vaska! Unfortunately, we can't accept you as creative director... 
- Honey, why don't we send our son for groceries? - Wait, let him come, undress, sit at the computer, then we will send. 
- Hi, there. How's it goin'? - Hi, there. I'm the Capricorn. 
A Jew sits on a palm tree and drinks coffee. A Hitler comes along and says, "Fucking Jew, get the fuck off the palm tree. You'll get your dick. - I'm not coming down from the palm tree, fucking Hitler. - I hate Jews! - is Hitler. 
Two fags are fucking. The one they put in, he keeps his head back, and the other one says, "What are you shaking your head for?" - Shirt's up your ass. 
Manya and Vanya are painters. They're painting the wall of a ten-story apartment building. Van might have a little something. - Hey, Manny! I can't take it! - You're going straight from the cradle! - You are! There are people down there! - And you rot harder, you're about to hit the fountain! - Fuck you! - No, I did not! I'll hold you! - Is that tight? - Keep it tight! Let's move! Nuya stands on the edge of the cradle, Manya holds him by the belt from behind, and he leans strongly forward and eases neatly into the pool. The beauty! And then Mané started sneezing! He sneezes. I let Vanya go, and he went down like a ball of shit. It's been months. And there's three women sitting in a bar in America, and they're arguing about which men are the hottest. One: I've been to Paris before, so the French wouldn't let me pass. I've been trying to get you into bed. That's the way they do things! Two: "No, the hunters are Mexicans". I was there recently. They're all sweaty and hairy! They're undressing with their eyes! I've got sperm all over my ears! - This is bullshit! The wildest men in Russia! Guess what! I was in Moscow a couple of months ago. Walking down the street past the fountain. Suddenly I hear a sound from above. I look up and there's a man coming at me! His pants are wide open, and he's got his hands on his dick and he's yelling, 
Every year, the Wonder-Judo crawled out of the sea, and the people of the coastal country were obliged to sacrifice to him the most beautiful girl, or else they faced great misfortune. This went on for centuries. And then one day, Miraculous Judo crawls ashore as usual, and there, Instead of a pretty girl, there's a line of guys, blond hair, blue eyes, thin, and all with machine guns. One of them says, "Was heißt du?" "Well, I'm like the Wonder Yudo", the monster replied with some trepidation. - Jude, please. The fire! 
The Georgian became a speech therapist. A man walks into his office. Georgian: <unk> Take off your clothes, prachades behind the curtain, get up with cancer. The man got naked, got cancer. A minute later, from behind the curtain: A man comes running, holding his ass. The Georgian comes out, washes his hands: <unk> All is well, come tomorrow, we will study the letter "b". 
What is this? - What the fuck? I know it sucks. Why not shave? My husband wouldn't let me. Where's the husband? In the hall. Doctor's bringing a man from the hall. Doctor: What is this? Man: This is a dick. Woman: That's not my husband. 
On May 9th, in class, the teacher asks the children whose relatives served in the war. Petya says: <unk> My grandfather was a pilot, he flew planes and shot down fascists! My grandmother was a nurse, she treated our wounded soldiers! My grandfather was an electrician. Where did he serve? I don't know for sure, but he had two lightning bolts on his uniform. 
Alexei had two reasons why he wouldn't let his girlfriend drive his Porsche: first, he didn't have a Porsche, and second, he didn't have a girlfriend. 
- Oh, where is the man who will love me as I am? - This is me, I love you! - Oh, no, you are scary. 
A man's wife is dying. He comes to her hospital, the doctors say her case is hopeless, she has only a few hours to live, the man walks in to say goodbye. We were crying, we were crying, and then my wife said, "Honey, I'm dying, and we've never had anal sex". Let's do it now. - Honey, are you crazy? You are dying. - A dying woman's last wish. Well, there's nothing a man can do to fulfill his wife's request. A day goes by and she's not dead. A week goes by, and the wife recovers. My wife's getting out of the hospital in a month. We threw a party, called the guests. Suddenly, in the middle of the party, the wife sees her husband standing in the corner crying. She walks up to him and asks, "Honey, why are you crying?" - You could have saved Grandpa! 
I'm going to go. There are three in the compartment: a Georgian, a Russian and a Khohl. Suddenly, the Georgian wanted love and decided to treat one of his companions with a large delicious piece of lettuce, and then satisfy himself. And he brought it, and set it on the table, and said, Take, eat. I'm not sorry! The kids are hungry. Well, the Russian thinks: eat, you want to eat. But the Georgian will then molest as he likes. I'll take him. Howl wants some too. "No", he thinks, "I'm not going to eat! If a Georgian wants love, you can't get away with it. But I want to eat. I'll eat the salad, my hands will be stronger and I'll fight him off. "Eat a bowl of lettuce, and sit still in silence. Then the Georgian asks the old man, "How was your meal?" - Yes, I did! "And the strength of your hands increased?" - Yes, there is! - Hold my Russian while I fuck him! 
There's money sitting in the driveway. It's Vovochka from school. Smokes, holds a beer bottle, has a phing under the eye. The old ladies are scolding me: "You're so full of it! Where's the teacher looking? When I fuck her lying down, it's in the ceiling, and when it's cancer, it's in the wall! 
Ukrainian village. The night. The stars. In the haystack, Vasil is fucking Marusya. He tries hard and hard, and she's lying there, not making a sound. He's a little upset, and he says, "Mary, do you have a uterus?" She said, "No, I'm an orphan. 
The chairman of the collective farm called the best milkmaid: "I got a call that the center will come tomorrow to interview you. - What's an interview? - I don't know, but just in case. 
Hey, goldfish! Hello, starving, lonely and HIV-infected person. And you have exactly three wishes. Teach me to speak Klingon! - What? 
There's a girl walking down the sidewalk on Evening Avenue. She's smart, she's beautiful. She smiles, she's happy, she's at ease. There's a big man driving by in an unmarked vehicle. Slow down, lower the tinted glass. - Girl, don't be rude, let me give you a lift, I think we're on our way. The girl coldly replied: - No, thank you, I'm better like this. - Honestly, I don't mean to be intrusive, but still. - I don't meet a man that way, especially at night, on the street, with a strange man. And in general, if you think that having a nice car, a suit, money can somehow make a difference. - God bless you, if you think I'm going to offer you something indecent, you are deeply mistaken. I'm not that kind of man. I'm just in a good mood. I'm driving around the city at night, admiring its lights. It's getting dark, it's getting cold, and I've got the most innocuous urge to give you a ride. If the girl's a little soft, that's good. Unless you're on your way. She's getting in the car. She's a little nervous, but she calms down, fixes her skirt. like a normal man, not a bum. The car moves smoothly, it goes a hundred meters, it stops smoothly, the man puts the car in the parking lot, unlocks the wide - and now the sausage. The girl turns pale, screams in panic, tries to open the door, pulls the handle hysterically - goat! I'm going to kill you! I'm going to scream! The police! The man, smiling calmly, gently pulls her hair into her hairline - girl, you misunderstood me. Please calm down. The thing is, I do have the best of intentions for you. After you suck me off, we're gonna take you to the best restaurant in town, where all the local pom-poms and cream of the crop are gonna be meeting. We'll be eating lobster lasagna, drinking this very expensive wine, and trying all sorts of other gourmet excesses. But it doesn't end there. Then we'll go to your house, and you can introduce me to your dear parents. We'll sit in a cozy circle over a cup of coffee and I'll ask your parents' permission to offer you my hand and heart. Right now, we're going to the best jewelry store in town where I'm going to buy you a gorgeous gold ring with a gorgeous diamond. The wedding, I think, will be at my estate in Cannes. There will be many famous guests. You like the Jeraard Depardier, the wedding dress will be embroidered with precious diamonds, your delicate swan neck will be adorned with a sapphire necklace. No, you're going to decorate it. After a passionate night of candlelight, Jacuzzi, and silk beds, we're going on a honeymoon somewhere in the Pacific. To the coast, to the islands, where we'll bask on the white velvet sands under the shade of the palm trees, sipping sweet rum with freshly squeezed coconut milk. When we're basking in the tropical sun, a ski resort in the Alps will be like a contrast shower. You're probably gonna be too cold after the tropical heat, so we're gonna go to the best boutique there is. We'll buy a sand coat. I'm sure you've heard it coming from somewhere down below. 
Stirlitz was walking through the woods. Suddenly, in one of the trees, he saw a hollow from which two large eyes looked out. "It must be an owl", thought Stirlitz. "The owl himself", thought Mueller. 
They say a case of Viagra was flooded over the Titanic to get it to rise. 
- Honey, I want two words out of our family forever: fuck, fuck. - All right, my dear! What two words? 
His friends meet him at the train station in Moscow, ask him how he is, and he says that Peter is cool. But it's still a village. "What's the matter?" they ask. - They're still fucking women. 
The son of a Jewish woman and a Negro comes to his father and asks, "Dad, am I a Negro or a Jew?" What is it, son? The kid next door is selling a bike for $20, so I'm thinking, should I buy it for $10 or should I steal it? 
A man asks the bartender to recommend a cocktail. He recommends the "Turtle". The man orders a worm, and then on the way home, he sees a worm on the ground and says to him, "Did you know that the cocktail is named after you?" And the worm is like, "You mean have an Irvine?" 
A father and son ride in a carriage at night. S: Dad, why is it the sun during the day and the moon at night? P: He fucking knows, son. S: Dad, why aren't there any stars in the sky during the day? P: He fucking knows, son. Son, why are you so quiet? You ask, you ask, who but the file will tell you about life? 
Alexander Druz in a drunken brawl made a rose from a crystal owl 
There's a black man on the bus reading a Hebrew newspaper. An old Jew leans over and says, "Listen, what's wrong with being black?" 
The lions. There is a tram going through the city, in which there is a standard Ukrainian: in embroidery, with spacious balls, with a neatly shaved head and a mustache up to the shoulders. Suddenly, a black man gets on the tram at the station. The Ukrainian is so angry, he runs up to the Negro and says: "Who are you and why did you forget?" And the nigger says, "What about me?" I'm Ukrainian, I'm going home with a robot. Ukrainian, red with anger: <unk> Ukrainian? Who the hell are you, Ukrainian? I was born here and I'm a virgin. The Ukrainian is already covered with spots from rage, tears off his embroidery, punches his chest and yells at the Negro: <unk> Ah ti ukraniнец? What about me? Nigga shrugs, "I know those stars. Maybe the musk. 
Two sailors meet, and one says, "I'm not a sailor". 
Lieutenant's dancing with Natasha. Rzhevsky, let's play some riddles! There you go. I'm going to be blunt, and you're going to guess! For example, take me by the arms and the lieutenant grabs Natasha by the breast. What are you doing? Take me by the hand! - What? I'll take that. Now take me by the hand... the lieutenant is grabbing Natasha's ass. What's wrong with you? Stop that! I meant for the yellow cup! - What? - What? Natasha, can I ask you a riddle too? Let go! - What? Whoa. Natasha, take me both ways. 
- Dad, can I watch porn? - No, you're too young. - All right, as long as it's childish. 
Vladimir Ivanovich, increase our wages! Will you start working? Oh, well, then don't. 
- Our motto is invincible. - This is a strange bank. Let's get out of here. 
- I haven't been to the zoo in a while. What's the correct spelling, ZOOpark or ZOOpark? - What? - Suck on the tractor. 
Lieutenant Rzhevsky asks, then, his dancing: - Dancing, I will be at the ball today, tell me Some riddle I can entertain, or else I'm only used to talking about ass! - It's all right. Here's a riddle for you: no windows, no doors, an inn full of people, what is it? - Whoa. The ass? - No, Lieutenant, this is a cucumber. - Holy shit! Who would have thought? Do it again. - It's all right. What's that, two rings, two ends, a nail in the middle? - Whoa. The ass? - Lieutenant, no! It's the scissors! - Fuck you, you fucking scissors! That's great! The lieutenant came to the ball, there was dancing, fun, the lieutenant gathered the ladies around him and said: "Gentlemen! I know such wonderful riddles! You want some? Guess what, no windows, no doors, a whole ass full of cucumbers! What's this? What's this? Everyone shrugs in surprise, the ladies blush. Lieutenant: "Haha, this is very simple, gentlemen! They're scissors! 
Some dude decided to buy an underwater rock. And he's like, "I want to buy an underwater rock". Can you tell me what underwater rocks are? 
- Lieutenant, do you want a word? There's a clipper on the sea, there's a skipper on the clipper, there's a tripper on the skipper! Rzhevsky liked it, so he decided to tell a pun at the ball: - Gospodaru! Imagine a barge on the Volga, with 500 men on board, all with syphilis! 
A man walks down a dark street in the winter. He slips and falls on his ass. He stands up, cowardly examines her with his hands and cries in horror: "Split! Half of it! 
Down girl catches a goldfish: -well, girl, you have three wishes Ta, rubbing her feet, says: -Hofu here werewolves werewolves! Okay, he's sitting with hairy legs, the fish asks for his second wish, the girl shows her hands, "Hofu, there are wolfs, wolfs, wolfs!" All right, she's sitting there with hairy legs, hairy arms, the fish makes her third wish, the girl punches herself in the face and says, "Hofu! You've got hair on your face. The fish couldn't take it anymore, so he said, "Do I fuck your hair all over?" They all do, money, fame, success. The girl sits in her hair, and she says, "How could you?" 
Yuri Kuklachev woke up with a hangover, and in his mouth like a cat shit. 
The man was hiding from the police at a friend's house. The ceiling in her living room was like a cathedral, the rafters went under the very roof. She was a widow. He undressed, and she went to get him some of her dead husband's clothes. But before he could put anything on, the police came with batons to the front door. So he had to hide in the rafters. The woman let the cops in, but it turns out he didn't hide all the way from the rafters hanging his huge balls. The police asked the woman where the boy was. The woman said she didn't know the man they were talking about. Then one of the cops noticed the eggs hanging from the rafters and asked what they were. The woman said they were Chinese temple bells. He believed her. He said he always wanted to hear the Chinese temple bells ring. He hit them with his cane, but they didn't make a sound. He struck again, much harder. You know what the guy on the scaffolding said? He yelled, "DIN-DIN-DON, your mother's like that! 
A guy brings a girl home to meet her. She goes into the hallway, bends down to take off her shoes and fartes loudly, gets embarrassed and looks at the ceiling and says, "Oh, what a beautiful chandelier you have". And the guy says, "You're going to shit yourself in there". 
Counsel for the defendant: "I have two pieces of news, good and bad. - How bad? - Your blood work shows a complete match between your DNA and the DNA from the blood left on the body. - What's a good one? - Cholesterol is only 140. 
The civil war. Vasily Ivanovich is at the desk in the headquarters, studying the map. Suddenly Petka bursts into the room and shouts: "Vasily Ivanovich, a battalion of whites is coming at us! Petka, give me my red shirt. Why, Vasily Ivanovich? Oh, you! So if I get hurt, the soldiers won't see the blood of the commander and panic! Chapai put on a red shirt, went into battle and repelled the attack of the whites. The next day, the same situation. Vasily Ivanovich, a white regiment is coming, and they have a tank! Well, Petka, there's nothing to do, give the red shirt! He went back into battle, he was attacked again. The next day: We've got a white division on us, they've got 20 thousand tanks, and we're out of ammo! - What? Uh, you know what? Well, then. Mm, yeah. What are you offering me, Petka? - Like what? Brown pants! 
Couples who've been married for 10 years usually try to have sex in bed at night. The movements, the receivers, they're all the same. It's always the same. Emotions are zero to the tenth - no high, no joy. It's been a while. The wife, who hadn't even started, sighed, "Can't you remember anyone either?" 
The wife says to the husband, "Our pig has a twisted tail, which means it's time to take it to the pigsty". Here's your 100 rubles. Take it where you need it. My husband put the pig in a motorcycle pram, put on a helmet and drove off. On the way, he thought he'd better drink the money and handle the pig himself. Well, he drove into the woods, fucked an animal, drank the money and went home. The next day, the wife says the pig has the same "diagnosis", and that the tail is twisted and so on. I'm not. The man took her away again. He did it again. Three days in a row. On the fourth day, his wife approaches him, the husband without waiting for her to say, asks: "What, the tail is twisted again?" -I don't know exactly, but the pig is already in the helmet and on the motorcycle. 
A father and his little daughter are resting by the sea. A girl catches her dad having sex with a neighbor: "Dad, what were you doing with that aunt?" It was I, my daughter, who pumped her up like a life raft to keep her from drowning in the sea. This is bullshit. Last year, my mom had this uncle from the next room pump in the front and in the back, and then my mom even blew the pump for him, and it still didn't float. 
The man bought himself a rooster. The next day the rooster fucked all the chickens, the next day all the geese, turkeys. It's... It's... The man looks at all this and thinks, "If the rooster doesn't take care of itself, it will die". It's... It's... The next day, he sees a rooster lying in a puddle, surrounded by hungry crows. The man comes up and says, "Oh, you! You should have saved your youth, saved your strength! The rooster says, "Bitch, the crow's gonna scare the fuck out of you". 
There's an express train coming at full speed. Suddenly, he goes off the rails, jumps through the woods, the cornfield, and back on the rails again. The overwhelmed passengers come to their senses and send a delegation to the head of the train, ask the driver: - What was it? - Come on, I see a man on the tracks. - You had to push! - So we just caught up with the corn. 
We found a cock and a Russian gin lamp. The genie comes out and says, "You have three wishes for two. Well, the bastard, like the most fucked up, took two wishes, left the Russian one. - I want the Russians out of the Caucasus! Jin fulfilled his wish: "I want to eat the caucasus with a huge fence, so that no one is lazy!" Fulfilled. One wish left. The Russian, he thought, and asked the genie: -What, did you really take all the Russians from the Caucasus? - I know. - And built a high fence around the whole Caucasus? - What? All right then, bye! 
Ivan the Tsar escapes from the Tatars, suddenly sees a hut on the edge of the forest. Running in, he falls to his knees before the mistress and cries, "Hide me, grandma, I curse you! The Tartars are after me! - Where am I going to hide you, little bitch? Oh, by the way, get in the oven. My grandmother put the corn in the oven, and all that was left was his ass. My grandmother was screaming, trying to close the curtain, but she couldn't, so her ass was stuck in the middle of the wall. The Tatars run into the hut and ask, "Hey, grandma, have you seen the queen?" - No, son, I did not. They see the ass in the wall, they say, "Who's that?" - It's a safe. Everyone who comes into my cabin puts money in there. The Tatars decided to respect the money, shoved a few coins into Ivan Tsarevich's ass. He couldn't take it anymore, so he went back one coin and flew out. - Hey, grandma, what's this? - And this is the return. 
Where are you? Fucking whores in saunas. Who are you with? With whores. What about female voices? It's the whores. 
A Georgian calls his brother on the phone and hears: "Givi, we had an accident yesterday. Brother, yesterday our father went to the tree to pick apples. - What? -Givi, something terrible has happened. - What? - He fell off the fucking apple tree, Givi! So, Givi, we lost our father. Long silence at both ends of the wire. Then Givi, thinking, "Hey, Vakhtang, did you look under the tree?" 
- the killer is left-handed. - What makes you say that? - with the traces of flea hooves. 
He is from Sovok, Ukraine. The bus. A man addresses a lonely, sad, tired woman: <unk> Where are you? All the gold in the world doesn't shine brighter than it does at this moment! French! - What? A real Frenchman in her life! That's it, the gray days are over! Farewell, Ukrainian men, collective farms with their hockey sticks, fishing sticks, jiggles, Yak-40s and scattered socks. Now we'll have champagne and tango at the foot of the Eiffel Tower, sunshine and white sea sand. And, of course, Chanel! But! But you have to answer something! I beg your pardon. What's up? I said, is the bus going to the depot? 
The waiter brings the customer a stack of vodka on a small tray. He drinks it and starts to reason: "Young man, you have such a smart, intelligent face. Why didn't you study? Now I have to wait tables. - Look at the tray I brought the vodka on. This is my red diploma. 
Wife to husband: "Where were you all day yesterday?" - At the house. - Why didn't I know? - You weren't home all day yesterday. 
A man walks into a pet store for white mice for his bride. He sees a cage with a parrot, so he comes to look. - The shrimp is out! The man blushes, turns to fasten his seat belt. - A hole in your pants! The man blushes even more and tries to cover his ass with his hand. - The shoelace is untied! The guy's getting ready to quit. - You farted! The beet red one is flying out of the store. "Innocentitch, we're here as usual. 
I-I-I bet I can buy some cigarettes and s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s? Two, one, two, one, two, one, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, nine, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, ten, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, ten, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, nine, nine, ten, ten, nine, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten, ten Do you want red or blue? One: B-b-b-b-both of you! 
Narkoman comes to the restaurant. Sits at the table. He's got an officer. What are you feeding today? Waiter, opening the menu: - Then two tubes. 
They put a junkie and a syphilitic in jail. They're sitting, the syphilitic's nose fell off, he takes him and throws him in jail. Then the ear falls off, the syphilitic throws him behind bars. It's the same with the other ear. The junkie looked and looked and said, "I see you're slowly getting fucked up". 
Ivan, a welder who works in the pool, rounded out the top three. 
There's a special place in heaven for motorists. A Frenchman, an American, and a Ukrainian. Sitting around, talking about who's in heaven and how. Frenchman: - Driving from work to his Riviera, charming secretary next to her, hugged her, we merged in a passionate kiss and I could not manage. - I was driving from work to the ranch, and I saw a huge American flag at the intersection. And while he was singing the national anthem and holding his hand over his heart, he missed the intersection and crashed into a truck. The Ukrainian is silent. - Well, tell me about it. - Come on, you guys, this is it. - Don't give up on me! - No, you guys don't have to, I'm embarrassed. It doesn't matter, you're already in heaven. Oh, come on, once in a while! - She bought Daewoo Lanos on credit and starved to death... 
Once Mozart came into the room and saw a piece of paper on the table, all written in notes. "Letter", thought Mozart. 
In the doctor's office: "Yes, you seem to have hepatitis, dear. - What? - What? 
A prostitute is dead. The funeral. Two men are talking: <unk> They're finally together. Who? The feet. 
There's a meeting at Hitler's headquarters. Suddenly Stirlitz walks into the office with a tray of oranges, puts the tray on the table, picks the combination to the safe, reads and photographs all the documents, puts them back, closes the safe and quietly leaves. After a moment of stupor, Hitler comes to his senses and shouts, "Who is this? "This is the Russian spy Isaev", Mueller says. - Arrest him and shoot him! - There is! - says Mueller. Hitler moved a tray of oranges and began to eat them. 
- I broke my arm. - I have mercury. - There's some shitty toys in the pantry lately. 
Liverpool, 17th century, a whorehouse. There's an old sea wolf with no eyes, no legs, and no arms (with a prosthetic hook) and a bunch of young sailors, and they're making rum. - Dude, where'd you lose your leg? - Anyway, brother, there was a case in Cuba. A Spanish galleon loaded with gold. We're boarding, I'm ready, I'm over the side, and here's our wave The ship flipped, crashed, and I couldn't react, so my foot fell off the nuclear mother. - How was your hand? - It was the Mediterranean. A Turkish galley with women for their sultan, then. Uh, boarding, while the boys were cutting up the Turks, I was right in the hold with the ladies. Well, I looked at the beauty, and then the eunuch, the bastard, the yatagan, took my hand. - What about the eye? - It's right here on the dock. - What? The seagull took a shit and I forgot I had a hook. 
I met a really cool girl at the theater yesterday, got her number... He took his coat and left! 
The daughter comes home, introduces him to her parents: "Dad, meet Ashot". - Well, as they say, fuck off Ashot! 
- What's your number? - Some set of fucking numbers. 
The husband suspected his wife of infidelity. Different texts on her phone from Vitalik... well, she thinks I'll check. Told his wife he was going on a business trip, and he was sitting across the street with binoculars. There's a cool car pulling up, and out comes Superman with the whole kit: flowers, cognac, candy... entrance, goes up to his floor, calls his apartment... wife answers, they go to the kitchen first... foreplay... move to the bedroom. Vitaly begins to undress first: tall, beautiful muscular body... and then his wife begins to undress: tits hanging, cellulite. The upset man puts his binoculars away and says, "Fuck, how uncomfortable it is in front of Vitalik... 
A diplomat walks into a room and says, "I'm actually a briefcase. 
Why did you pretend to be paralyzed all your life? - I don't like to wash myself. 
In short. They're sitting there drinking, they've poured the last zero into their glasses. 5l and here one died. He's going to heaven, and the apostle Peter says, "You've lived a good life to get into heaven". The man is in shock. What do you mean? He takes it and dies and asks Peter to bring him back to the ground to finish his last glass of vodka, even if it's a fly, a mosquito. Well, the apostle agrees and sends him back. A man wakes up on the ceiling with a spider and his glass of vodka right underneath him, and falling that high is scary. Then the man begged, how so, as he is so small to the glass it will fly, then crash to death again. And the voice tells him, "You start pushing, and a string will come out of your ass and you'll go down to the glass". The man started to push, and really, a thread, went down to the middle of the room, and the glass still far to fall. And begged again. And then the voice said, "Push harder". And the man started pushing with all his might. And then the men wake him up: "Wake up, Petrovich, you shit". 
Werner Heisenberg, Kurt Gödel, and Noam Chomsky walk into the bar. Heisenberg looks around and says, "Since there's three of us here, and since this is a bar, it's probably a joke". But the question remains, is he funny or not? Gödel thinks for a second and says, "Well, since we're inside the joke, we can't tell if it's funny or not. To understand that, we need to look at it from the outside. Chomsky looks at them and says, "Of course he's funny. You're just telling it wrong. 
Doctor, I can't take this anymore! Everywhere I look, every thought I have, I see the same <unk> font, font, font! Don't worry about it. Sit down, relax, have some tea, eat some more of these soft French buns... 
A man walks into a bar. - A round of Al for me! "Elya himself", said the barman, Vadim. 
Honey, did you pick up your son from kindergarten? - No, not at all. But I brought home something cooler - a dead beaver. 
- Let's play iron. - Let go! How's that? - I don't give a shit about you. 
A Georgian says to another Georgian: Givi, my wife has rabies! - Wow, what is this? - Hey, you know what? - I know! - You're out of your mind! 
<unk> We should use thin fonts without brackets to attract a younger audience. - Petrovich, you fucked up! You write "Spice". 8 to 800. <unk> 
In the middle of the night, a man gets on a passing train and asks the conductor to show him an empty seat. And the conductor says: "I have only one free seat in the compartment, but there's some alcoholic driving, all day today was rioting, no one wants to go with him. There's nothing to be done, the man agreed. He's in the compartment, and the drunk is sleeping like a baby. Well, the man had dinner and went to bed, too. And then suddenly my stomach twisted so much that I couldn't pee. I ran to the bathroom, and the compartment door was locked. The man was about to get the paper, and suddenly it dawned on him. I unfastened the drunk's belt, pulled down his pants, put on a bunch, pulled his pants back up, fastened them, and went to sleep. He wakes up in the morning, he looks, he's drunk, he's depressed, he's sitting, he's thinking, he's thinking, he's drinking his tea, and he says, I've been drinking vodka every day for 30 years, but this is the first time I've taken a shit in my pants. 
- What are you doing? They were just sitting around, talking. - Will you answer the ticket? 
You're a piece of shit compared to me. Dima, you're talking to your shit again. 
The school put on a play called "Buratino". After the play, the director praises the children: "Good work, children. Everyone was great, including Masenka as Malvina, Vasenka as the cat Basilio, and Alice as the fox Alice. Who played Buratino? - What is it? - Sorry, Roman, I didn't know you were rich. 
A cowboy walks into a bar and finds there's no customers. - Where is everybody? - asks the bartender. - Yeah, they're hanging the brown Pete. - Hmm, is that a strange name? - Yeah, you know, he wears brown paper pants, a brown paper shirt and even a brown paper hat. - What do they want to hang him for? - Shut the fuck up! 
- Teacher, explain to me what Zen is. - Black clouds have covered the moon. You got it? - No, I did not. - Go wander for eight years. The student left, came back after eight years. - Teacher, explain to me what Zen is. - Black clouds have covered the moon. You got it? - Well, yeah. - What do you got? - Well, the clouds are evil. It's the moon. - You're missing the point. Go wander for eight years. The student left, came back after eight years. - Teacher, explain to me what Zen is. - Black clouds have covered the moon. You got it? - You got it. - What do you got? - Black clouds have covered the moon. - Good for you. 
- Shall we buy a bun, feed the duck? - Come on, but there are no ducks. - How about a cognac? - Yes, I prefer the brandy. 
The man had a huge parrot. And this parrot had the tip of its beak bent, and the parrot could no longer open its beak to eat. The man got scared and ran to the doctor. The doctor advised him, "You'll be all right if you take a shot. A doctor meets a man and asks, "How's the parrot?" - Oh, my God. - What do you mean? This is a safe procedure. - I suspect he's still clutching at straws. 
- Why did you cheat on me? - I had to make sure you were the best. - Why so many times? - The error rate is down. 
Send two women to the track. Started thinking about which horse to bet on. One of them says, "What's your bra number?" Oh, the third. I have a fourth. Three plus four is seven. We put number seven on the horse. She won. They came home, bragged to their husbands, and the next day they went racing, too: <unk> How many times do you satisfy your wife in a night? That's five! I'm only six! They bet on horse number 11, and horse number 2 won. 
The school's historical reconstruction club did such a good job of recreating the 15th century that 80 people died of the plague. 
Gorbachev, during a visit to the United States, asks Reagan, "How do you get such smart people into your administration?" I'm surrounded by idiots. - It's very simple, before I hire them, I ask them a riddle, look. Calls Bush: - Answer this question: who is the son of your father, but not your brother? "Of course I will", Bush says. - There you go! Gorbachev comes to Moscow, calls Ligatchev and asks: - Yegor, who is your father's son, but not your brother? Ligachev says he knows the answer, but he forgot. - Well, go ahead and think about it. Ligachev leaves the office and sits by the lock-hole listening. Gorbachev is calling Yeltsin. Boris, tell me, who is your father's son but not your brother? "Of course I am", said Yeltsin. Ligachev rushes into the study with shouts of joy. - I remember, I remember! This is Yeltsin! Gorbachev replied, "You are both fools! It's Bush! 
There's an elephant in his pants, and there's ants. - Elephant, take off your pants. - What's that? - Take it off. The elephant took off his pants and put them on the ground. The ant crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled and crawled. 
An American, a Frenchman and a Russian have arrived on Mars. We're just getting off the ship, and then, bam, aliens come running in from all sides, tie them up and announce their terms. We didn't invite you here, but since you're here, we're gonna put you through an experiment. You're about to face three challenges: drink a glass of our Martian vodka, pull the ear of our Martian dragon and fuck our Martian woman. Those who pass will be generously rewarded and sent back to Earth. There's nothing to be done, the American goes first. They poured him a glass of Martian vodka, he drank it, and he burned to death, only his coals remained. Fuck the second Frenchman. He drank a shot of Martian vodka, got a pretty good burn, but he lived. I go into a cave with a dragon, I'm there for a minute, and suddenly there's a wild roar, chains, screams. Anyway, the dragon ate the poor Frenchman. Fuck the third Russian. They give him a glass of vodka, he takes a gulp, he doesn't blush, and he says, "What kind of a weakling is this?" Fuck the whole bottle. 
A wife to her husband lying on the couch in the morning: "Don't hang the shelf, don't even hope for anything at night!" The husband turns to her in surprise: "You decided to go right away, didn't you?" 
Vasilisa the beautiful married Ivan the fool and became Vasilisa the fool. 
The grandson asks his grandfather: "Grandpa, did you fall in love with your grandmother at first sight?" He thinks it over and says, "When our eyes first met, I remember exactly what He's blushed from falling in love or taking a dump behind the garage. 
A girl came to the fortune teller. And the fortune teller says, "I can guess in three systems: 1. It's a classic old Indian. The accuracy of the prediction will be inversely proportional to the time interval before the event. An event in infinity is predicted with probability one. The second. It's called the Kochenov-Waltz system. But it's very expensive because the system is very energy intensive. The money will go to restore the old Waltz, and Kochenov is already dead from exhaustion. The third. It's experimental and it's original. So far, it's only working on one event for one person. But wait, says the fortune teller and writes something on the paper. And the girl says, "Let's do the third, the experimental system". A fortune-teller like that flips over a piece of paper that says, "Choose an experimental system. The resource is exhausted". 
That's the joke the police captain told us before he let us go. Late night. After questioning the victim, the investigator fell asleep at his desk. An hour later, the duty officer looks in and sees this picture and decides to have sex with the investigator. I took the skeleton from the attic, sat him down on the table opposite the coroner, put the report card on the table and put the pen in his hand. In the morning, the investigator wakes up with a pen in his hand, a form on his desk and a skeleton in front of him, loses his ability to speak and goes on leave for nine months. 
One man says to the other, "I always put a note in my pocket with my address on it in case I get drunk and they can drive me home". - What are you writing? - Paris, the Boulevard of Montmartre. - But you live in Chelyabinsk! - Well, they did a couple of times. 
A typical day at a Caucasian school. - Teacher, why did they write you "KON" without a soft mark? - You have to get rid of that gooey goo. 
Talked to my son today about masturbation. I explained to him that this was normal and that it would be good to knock before he entered my room. 
There's an ensign running around with a cart full of shit. The captain stops him. What did you do? - It's all right. "I don't believe it", says the captain, "putting his hands in the shit and playing ball". When he finds nothing, he lets the ensign go. The Ensign is moving on. The Major said, "Stop! What did you do? - It's all right. "I don't believe it", the major puts his hands in the shit and he's looking for it, but he can't find anything either. The flag-bearer moves on. The colonel said, "Stop! What did you do? - It's all right. - I'll give you nothing, - the colonel puts his hands in the shit and balls there, but also finds nothing. Finally, the ensign runs out of the gate of the unit, looks around, throws out the trash from the car and angrily grumbles: -What did you do, what did you do. He stole the cart! 
Tamada's at a wedding in a mountain village, feeling like she's gonna gas. Decided to toast and fire a gun at the same time to cover this up. The gun went off. Shame on you. He went to the mountains. Ten years later, he comes back and asks the boy playing in the yard, "Well, boy, what's new in the village? "Not since Tamada went off". 
A typical day at a Caucasian school. Teacher: -Table, fork is written without the soft sign, and horse, bean with the soft one. Children, it's impossible to understand, it just needs to be memorized! 
She says, "Have you eaten?" - Did you eat? - Stop teasing me. - Stop teasing me. I love you. - Yes, I did. 
The sunset. Two (a man and a woman) are sitting by the lake. - Darling, will you marry me? - You got it. It's been a long, hard break. - Darling, why are you silent? - I think I've screwed up enough. 
A six-year-old boy is missing. We have a missing six-year-old boy. 
An elderly lady tells a circle of acquaintances - When I was very young, I was hit by a beautiful black car. - Maybe it was a stagecoach? - says one of the attendees with a hint of irony. 
Two men discussing their sex lives. Does your wife ever scream during sex? - No, he's not yelling at all. What about you? - Every time! - When exactly? - When I wipe my dick off the curtain! 
The koala bear took off his make-up, went to the hotel with her, had intercourse and slowly walked towards the exit. Hey, you! The koala! And the money? What? I'm telling you, chase the money! What? I'm going to the hospital! What? What an idiot! And she takes out a thick dictionary, flips through it, and she puts her finger on it, and it says, "prostitute" is a woman who has sex for money. You got it? He takes the word, he leafs through it, then he pokes his finger into it: "Koala feeds on Eucalyptus leaves" and slowly walks towards the exit. 
I'm on the bus. The clog. The driver announces, "The next stop is December 5th". Somebody in the saloon said, "Fuck the traffic jam! 
There's two hookers on the side of the highway, and they're like, "Something fucking rang!" - I'm the one who yawned. 
Do you remember, Nikanor Ivanovich, how we fought as children? I'll tell you, Stepan Petrovich... what kind of monsters are we, children to fight? 
At the medical school, in a sexology lecture, the professor addresses the students: <unk> Taaaak, young people, who knows how many sex positions? From somewhere in the gallery, a man's voice: <unk> Fifty! Teacher: I know you know everything in the gallery. We'll ask the girl in the front row. Confused girl: <unk> One... <unk> What is it? Girl blushing: <unk> Well, the woman is lying on her back with her legs spread... the man is lying on top of her... from the back rows male voice: <unk> Fifty-one! 
A neighbor walks in on Abram, and he's standing by the battery, his dick on top, reading a physics textbook. His neighbor asks him, "Abram, what are you doing?" Yeah, well, the book says that when it's hot, the body expands, and when it's cold, it contracts. - Where is Sarah? - Sarah's in the fridge. 
The man bought a hat. Came home, started measuring, and it was too small. 
